asterisk-core-sounds-en-wav-current/agent-alreadyon.mp3	en	That agent is already logged on.  Please enter your agent number followed by the pound key.
asterisk-core-sounds-en-wav-current/agent-incorrect.mp3	en	Login incorrect.  Please enter your agent number followed by the pound key.
asterisk-core-sounds-en-wav-current/agent-loggedoff.mp3	en	Agent Logged off.
asterisk-core-sounds-en-wav-current/agent-loginok.mp3	en	Agent logged in.
asterisk-core-sounds-en-wav-current/agent-newlocation.mp3	en	Please enter a new extension, followed by pound.
asterisk-core-sounds-en-wav-current/agent-pass.mp3	en	Please enter your password followed by the pound key.
asterisk-core-sounds-en-wav-current/agent-user.mp3	en	Agent login.  Please enter your agent number followed by the pound key.
asterisk-core-sounds-en-wav-current/all-circuits-busy-now.mp3	en	All circuits are busy now.
asterisk-core-sounds-en-wav-current/astcc-followed-by-the-pound-key.mp3	en	Followed by the pound key.
asterisk-core-sounds-en-wav-current/at-tone-time-exactly.mp3	en	At the sound of the tone, the time will be exactly...
asterisk-core-sounds-en-wav-current/auth-incorrect.mp3	en	Password incorrect.  Please enter your password followed by the pound key.
asterisk-core-sounds-en-wav-current/basic-pbx-ivr-main.mp3	en	Thank you for calling Super Awesome Company, Waldo's premier provider of perfect products. If you know your party's extension, you may dial it at any time. To establish a sales partnership, press one. To speak with a customer advocate, press two. For accounting and other receivables, press three. For a company directory, press four. For an operator, press zero.
asterisk-core-sounds-en-wav-current/call-forwarding.mp3	en	Call forwarding.
asterisk-core-sounds-en-wav-current/call-fwd-no-ans.mp3	en	Call-Forward on No Answer.
asterisk-core-sounds-en-wav-current/call-fwd-on-busy.mp3	en	Call-Forward on Busy.
asterisk-core-sounds-en-wav-current/call-fwd-unconditional.mp3	en	Call-Forward Unconditional.
asterisk-core-sounds-en-wav-current/cannot-complete-as-dialed.mp3	en	Your call cannot be completed as dialed.
asterisk-core-sounds-en-wav-current/check-number-dial-again.mp3	en	Please check the number and dial again.
asterisk-core-sounds-en-wav-current/conf-adminmenu-162.mp3	en	Please press 1 to mute or unmute yourself, 2 to lock or unlock the conference, 3 to eject the last user, 4 or 6 to decrease or increase the conference volume, 5 to extend the conference, 7 or 9 to decrease or increase your volume, or 8 to exit.
asterisk-core-sounds-en-wav-current/conf-adminmenu-18.mp3	en	Please press 1 to mute or unmute yourself, 2 to lock or unlock the conference, 3 to eject the last user, 4 or 6 to decrease or increase the conference volume, 5 to extend the conference, 7 or 9 to decrease or increase your volume, or 8 for more options.
asterisk-core-sounds-en-wav-current/conf-adminmenu-menu8.mp3	en	Press 1 to list users currently in the conference, 2 to kick all non-administrator users, 3 to mute or umute all non-administrator users, 4 to record this conference, or 8 to exit this menu and return to the conference.
asterisk-core-sounds-en-wav-current/conf-adminmenu.mp3	en	Please press 1 to mute or unmute yourself, 2 to lock or unlock the conference, 3 to eject the last user, 4 or 6 to decrease or increase the conference volume, 7 or 9 to decrease or increase your volume, or 8 to exit.
asterisk-core-sounds-en-wav-current/conf-enteringno.mp3	en	You are entering conference number
asterisk-core-sounds-en-wav-current/conf-errormenu.mp3	en	Invalid Choice
asterisk-core-sounds-en-wav-current/conf-extended.mp3	en	The conference has been extended.
asterisk-core-sounds-en-wav-current/conf-full.mp3	en	That conference is full.
asterisk-core-sounds-en-wav-current/conf-getchannel.mp3	en	Please enter the channel number followed by the pound key.
asterisk-core-sounds-en-wav-current/conf-getconfno.mp3	en	Please enter your conference number followed by the pound key.
asterisk-core-sounds-en-wav-current/conf-getpin.mp3	en	Please enter the conference pin number.
asterisk-core-sounds-en-wav-current/conf-hasjoin.mp3	en	is now in the conference.
asterisk-core-sounds-en-wav-current/conf-hasleft.mp3	en	has left the conference.
asterisk-core-sounds-en-wav-current/conf-invalid.mp3	en	That is not a valid conference number.  Please try again.
asterisk-core-sounds-en-wav-current/conf-invalidpin.mp3	en	That pin is invalid for this conference.
asterisk-core-sounds-en-wav-current/conf-kicked.mp3	en	You have been kicked from this conference
asterisk-core-sounds-en-wav-current/conf-leaderhasleft.mp3	en	The leader has left the conference.
asterisk-core-sounds-en-wav-current/conf-locked.mp3	en	This conference is locked!
asterisk-core-sounds-en-wav-current/conf-lockednow.mp3	en	The conference is now locked
asterisk-core-sounds-en-wav-current/conf-muted.mp3	en	You are now muted
asterisk-core-sounds-en-wav-current/conf-noempty.mp3	en	No empty conferences currently exist.
asterisk-core-sounds-en-wav-current/conf-nonextended.mp3	en	The conference cannot be extended.
asterisk-core-sounds-en-wav-current/conf-now-muted.mp3	en	The conference is now muted.
asterisk-core-sounds-en-wav-current/conf-now-recording.mp3	en	The conference is now being recorded.
asterisk-core-sounds-en-wav-current/conf-now-unmuted.mp3	en	The conference is now unmuted.
asterisk-core-sounds-en-wav-current/conf-onlyone.mp3	en	There is currently one other participant in the conference.
asterisk-core-sounds-en-wav-current/conf-onlyperson.mp3	en	You are currently the only person in this conference.
asterisk-core-sounds-en-wav-current/conf-otherinparty.mp3	en	other participants in the conference
asterisk-core-sounds-en-wav-current/conf-placeintoconf.mp3	en	You will now be placed into the conference.
asterisk-core-sounds-en-wav-current/conf-roll-callcomplete.mp3	en	Playback of the list of people attending is complete.
asterisk-core-sounds-en-wav-current/conf-thereare.mp3	en	There are currently
asterisk-core-sounds-en-wav-current/conf-unlockednow.mp3	en	The conference is now unlocked
asterisk-core-sounds-en-wav-current/conf-unmuted.mp3	en	You are now unmuted
asterisk-core-sounds-en-wav-current/conf-usermenu-162.mp3	en	Please press 1 to mute or unmute yourself, 4 or 6 to decrease or increase the conference volume, 5 to extend the conference, 7 or 9 to decrease or increase your volume, or 8 to exit this menu and return to the conference.
asterisk-core-sounds-en-wav-current/conf-usermenu.mp3	en	Please press 1 to mute or unmute yourself, 4 or 6 to decrease or increase the conference volume, 7 or 9 to decrease or increase your volume, or 8 to exit.
asterisk-core-sounds-en-wav-current/conf-userswilljoin.mp3	en	users will join the conference.
asterisk-core-sounds-en-wav-current/conf-userwilljoin.mp3	en	user will join the conference.
asterisk-core-sounds-en-wav-current/conf-waitforleader.mp3	en	The conference will begin when the leader arrives.
asterisk-core-sounds-en-wav-current/confbridge-begin-glorious-a.mp3	en	the conference will begin when our glorious leader arrives
asterisk-core-sounds-en-wav-current/confbridge-begin-glorious-b.mp3	en	the conference will begin when our glorious leader arrives
asterisk-core-sounds-en-wav-current/confbridge-begin-glorious-c.mp3	en	the conference will begin when our glorious leader arrives
asterisk-core-sounds-en-wav-current/confbridge-begin-leader.mp3	en	the conference will begin when the leader arrives
asterisk-core-sounds-en-wav-current/confbridge-binaural-off.mp3	en	3D audio disabled
asterisk-core-sounds-en-wav-current/confbridge-binaural-on.mp3	en	3D audio enabled
asterisk-core-sounds-en-wav-current/confbridge-conf-begin.mp3	en	the conference will now begin
asterisk-core-sounds-en-wav-current/confbridge-conf-end.mp3	en	the conference has ended
asterisk-core-sounds-en-wav-current/confbridge-dec-list-vol-in.mp3	en	To decrease the audio volume from other participants...
asterisk-core-sounds-en-wav-current/confbridge-dec-list-vol-out.mp3	en	...to decrease the audio volume from other participants.
asterisk-core-sounds-en-wav-current/confbridge-dec-talk-vol-in.mp3	en	To decrease your speaking volume to other participants...
asterisk-core-sounds-en-wav-current/confbridge-dec-talk-vol-out.mp3	en	...to decrease your speaking volume to other participants.
asterisk-core-sounds-en-wav-current/confbridge-has-joined.mp3	en	...has joined the conference.
asterisk-core-sounds-en-wav-current/confbridge-has-left.mp3	en	...has left the conference.
asterisk-core-sounds-en-wav-current/confbridge-inc-list-vol-in.mp3	en	To increase the audio volume from other participants...
asterisk-core-sounds-en-wav-current/confbridge-inc-list-vol-out.mp3	en	...to increase the audio volume from other participants.
asterisk-core-sounds-en-wav-current/confbridge-inc-talk-vol-in.mp3	en	To increase your speaking volume to other participants...
asterisk-core-sounds-en-wav-current/confbridge-inc-talk-vol-out.mp3	en	...to increase your speaking volume to other participants.
asterisk-core-sounds-en-wav-current/confbridge-invalid.mp3	en	You have entered an invalid option.
asterisk-core-sounds-en-wav-current/confbridge-leave-in.mp3	en	To leave the conference...
asterisk-core-sounds-en-wav-current/confbridge-leave-out.mp3	en	...to leave the conference.
asterisk-core-sounds-en-wav-current/confbridge-lock-extended.mp3	en	...to lock, or unlock the conference. When a conference is locked only conference administrators can join.
asterisk-core-sounds-en-wav-current/confbridge-lock-in.mp3	en	To lock, or unlock the conference...
asterisk-core-sounds-en-wav-current/confbridge-lock-no-join.mp3	en	The conference is currently locked and cannot be joined.
asterisk-core-sounds-en-wav-current/confbridge-lock-out.mp3	en	...to lock, or unlock the conference.
asterisk-core-sounds-en-wav-current/confbridge-locked.mp3	en	The conference is now locked.
asterisk-core-sounds-en-wav-current/confbridge-menu-exit-in.mp3	en	To exit the menu...
asterisk-core-sounds-en-wav-current/confbridge-menu-exit-out.mp3	en	...to exit the menu.
asterisk-core-sounds-en-wav-current/confbridge-mute-extended.mp3	en	...to mute, or unmute yourself. When you are muted you can not send audio to other participants. However you will still hear audio from other unmuted participants.
asterisk-core-sounds-en-wav-current/confbridge-mute-in.mp3	en	To mute or unmute yourself...
asterisk-core-sounds-en-wav-current/confbridge-mute-out.mp3	en	...to mute or unmute yourself.
asterisk-core-sounds-en-wav-current/confbridge-muted.mp3	en	You are now muted.
asterisk-core-sounds-en-wav-current/confbridge-only-one.mp3	en	There is currently one other participant in the conference.
asterisk-core-sounds-en-wav-current/confbridge-only-participant.mp3	en	You are currently the only participant in the conference.
asterisk-core-sounds-en-wav-current/confbridge-participants.mp3	en	...participants in the conference.
asterisk-core-sounds-en-wav-current/confbridge-pin-bad.mp3	en	You have entered too many invalid personal identification numbers.
asterisk-core-sounds-en-wav-current/confbridge-pin.mp3	en	Please enter your personal identification number followed by the pound, or hash key.
asterisk-core-sounds-en-wav-current/confbridge-remove-last-in.mp3	en	To remove the participant who most recently joined the conference...
asterisk-core-sounds-en-wav-current/confbridge-remove-last-out.mp3	en	...to remove the participant who most recently joined the conference.
asterisk-core-sounds-en-wav-current/confbridge-removed.mp3	en	You have been removed from the conference.
asterisk-core-sounds-en-wav-current/confbridge-rest-list-vol-in.mp3	en	To reset the audio volume of the conference to the default level...
asterisk-core-sounds-en-wav-current/confbridge-rest-list-vol-out.mp3	en	...to reset the audio volume of the conference to the default level.
asterisk-core-sounds-en-wav-current/confbridge-rest-talk-vol-in.mp3	en	To reset your speaking volume to the default level...
asterisk-core-sounds-en-wav-current/confbridge-rest-talk-vol-out.mp3	en	...to reset your speaking volume to the default level.
asterisk-core-sounds-en-wav-current/confbridge-there-are.mp3	en	There are currently...
asterisk-core-sounds-en-wav-current/confbridge-unlocked.mp3	en	The conference is now unlocked.
asterisk-core-sounds-en-wav-current/confbridge-unmuted.mp3	en	You are no longer muted.
asterisk-core-sounds-en-wav-current/de-activated.mp3	en	De-activated.
asterisk-core-sounds-en-wav-current/demo-abouttotry.mp3	en	I am about to attempt an Inter-Asterisk Exchange connection to a demonstration server located at Digium.  In order for this to work you must already be connected to the Internet.  Please wait a moment while I attempt to make the connection.
asterisk-core-sounds-en-wav-current/demo-congrats.mp3	en	Congratulations.  You have successfully installed and executed the Asterisk open source PBX.  You have also installed a set of sample sounds and configuration files that should help you to get started.  Like a normal PBX you will navigate this demonstration by dialing digits.  If you are using a console channel driver instead of a real phone you can use the dial, answer, and hang up commands to simulate the actions of a standard telephone.
asterisk-core-sounds-en-wav-current/demo-echodone.mp3	en	The echo test has been completed.
asterisk-core-sounds-en-wav-current/demo-echotest.mp3	en	You are about to enter an echo test.  In this mode everything you say will be repeated back to you just as soon as it is received.  The purpose of this test is to give you an audible sense of the latency between you and the machine that is running the echo test application.  You may end the test by hanging up or by pressing the pound key.
asterisk-core-sounds-en-wav-current/demo-enterkeywords.mp3	en	Please enter one or more keywords separated by * and then press the pound key.
asterisk-core-sounds-en-wav-current/demo-instruct.mp3	en	If you would like to learn more technical information about Asterisk dial 2 now.  If you'd like to test out the voice over IP capabilities of Asterisk you can dial 500 to attempt an Inter-Asterisk Exchange or IAX connection to a demonstration server at Digium.  In order for this test to work you will need to be connected to the Internet and have at least a 28.8 kilobit modem.  To execute an echo test dial 600.  This test is most useful when you have connected to this Asterisk server from a remote location.  The sample configuration also has a single user with extension 1234 and password 4242.  That user is configured to ring the console when their extension is dialed.  If you dial 1234 you can try to ring the console.  If the console is busy or unavailable you will be given the option to leave voicemail.  To check voice mail for the user dial extension 8500 to enter the voicemail system.  Finally,  you can press the pound key to disconnect from the PBX.
asterisk-core-sounds-en-wav-current/demo-moreinfo.mp3	en	Asterisk is an Open Source full-featured PBX and IVR platform that runs on the linux operating system.  For more information, visit www.asterisk.org.
asterisk-core-sounds-en-wav-current/demo-nogo.mp3	en	I am afraid I was unable to create a connection to the Digium demonstration Asterisk server.  You may find some helpful debugging information on the Asterisk console.
asterisk-core-sounds-en-wav-current/demo-nomatch.mp3	en	I'm sorry there are no matches for those keywords
asterisk-core-sounds-en-wav-current/demo-thanks.mp3	en	Goodbye.  Thank you for trying out the Asterisk Open Source PBX.
asterisk-core-sounds-en-wav-current/both_help.mp3	en	press * to toggle pause, press # to enter a new dictation filename
asterisk-core-sounds-en-wav-current/enter_filename.mp3	en	Enter a numeric dictation filename followed by # or just # to exit
asterisk-core-sounds-en-wav-current/forhelp.mp3	en	press 0 for help
asterisk-core-sounds-en-wav-current/play_help.mp3	en	press 1 to switch to record mode, press 2 to toggle fast playback, press 7 to jump backwards, press 8 to jump forwards
asterisk-core-sounds-en-wav-current/playback_mode.mp3	en	playback mode
asterisk-core-sounds-en-wav-current/record_help.mp3	en	press 1 to switch to playback mode, press 8 to truncate the file and start over
asterisk-core-sounds-en-wav-current/record_mode.mp3	en	record mode
asterisk-core-sounds-en-wav-current/truncating_audio.mp3	en	truncating audio
asterisk-core-sounds-en-wav-current/dir-first.mp3	en	letters of your party's first name.
asterisk-core-sounds-en-wav-current/dir-firstlast.mp3	en	... letters of your party's first or last name.
asterisk-core-sounds-en-wav-current/dir-instr.mp3	en	If this is the person you are looking for press 1 now, otherwise please press star now.
asterisk-core-sounds-en-wav-current/dir-intro-fn.mp3	en	Welcome to the directory.  Please enter the first three letters of your party's first name using your touch tone keypad.  Use the 7 key for Q and the 9 key for Z.
asterisk-core-sounds-en-wav-current/dir-intro.mp3	en	Welcome to the directory.  Please enter the first three letters of your party's last name using your touch tone keypad.  Use the 7 key for Q and the 9 key for Z.
asterisk-core-sounds-en-wav-current/dir-last.mp3	en	... letters of your party's last name.
asterisk-core-sounds-en-wav-current/dir-multi9.mp3	en	Press 9 for more entries.
asterisk-core-sounds-en-wav-current/dir-nomatch.mp3	en	No directory entries match your search.
asterisk-core-sounds-en-wav-current/dir-nomore.mp3	en	There are no more compatible entries in the directory.
asterisk-core-sounds-en-wav-current/dir-pls-enter.mp3	en	Please enter the first ...
asterisk-core-sounds-en-wav-current/dir-usingkeypad.mp3	en	... using your touchtone keypad.  Use the 7 key for Q, and the 9 key for Z.
asterisk-core-sounds-en-wav-current/dir-welcome.mp3	en	Welcome to the directory
asterisk-core-sounds-en-wav-current/do-not-disturb.mp3	en	Do not disturb.
asterisk-core-sounds-en-wav-current/enter-num-blacklist.mp3	en	Please enter the number to be blacklisted.
asterisk-core-sounds-en-wav-current/entr-num-rmv-blklist.mp3	en	Please enter the number to be removed from the blacklist.
asterisk-core-sounds-en-wav-current/feature-not-avail-line.mp3	en	That feature is not available on this line.
asterisk-core-sounds-en-wav-current/call-from.mp3	en	incoming call from
asterisk-core-sounds-en-wav-current/no-recording.mp3	en	you have an incoming call
asterisk-core-sounds-en-wav-current/options.mp3	en	press 1 to accept this call, or 2 to reject it
asterisk-core-sounds-en-wav-current/pls-hold-while-try.mp3	en	please hold while I try to locate the person you are calling
asterisk-core-sounds-en-wav-current/sorry.mp3	en	I'm sorry, but I was unable to locate the person you are calling
asterisk-core-sounds-en-wav-current/status.mp3	en	the person you are calling is not at their desk; I will try to locate them for you
asterisk-core-sounds-en-wav-current/from-unknown-caller.mp3	en	From an unknown caller.
asterisk-core-sounds-en-wav-current/hello-world.mp3	en	Hello world.
asterisk-core-sounds-en-wav-current/if-correct-press.mp3	en	If this is correct, press...
asterisk-core-sounds-en-wav-current/info-about-last-call.mp3	en	Information about your last call.
asterisk-core-sounds-en-wav-current/invalid.mp3	en	I am sorry, that's not a valid extension.  Please try again.
asterisk-core-sounds-en-wav-current/is-set-to.mp3	en	Is set to.
asterisk-core-sounds-en-wav-current/ascii36.mp3	en	dollar sign
asterisk-core-sounds-en-wav-current/ascii40.mp3	en	open parenthesis
asterisk-core-sounds-en-wav-current/ascii41.mp3	en	close parenthesis
asterisk-core-sounds-en-wav-current/ascii59.mp3	en	semicolon
asterisk-core-sounds-en-wav-current/ascii93.mp3	en	right bracket
asterisk-core-sounds-en-wav-current/exclaimation-point.mp3	en	exclaimation-point [!]
asterisk-core-sounds-en-wav-current/num-was-successfully.mp3	en	The number was successfully...
asterisk-core-sounds-en-wav-current/number-not-answering.mp3	en	The number is not answering.
asterisk-core-sounds-en-wav-current/one-moment-please.mp3	en	One moment, please.
asterisk-core-sounds-en-wav-current/pbx-invalid.mp3	en	I am sorry, that's not a valid extension.  Please try again.
asterisk-core-sounds-en-wav-current/pbx-invalidpark.mp3	en	I am sorry, there is no call parked on that extension.  Please try again.
asterisk-core-sounds-en-wav-current/pbx-parkingfailed.mp3	en	Parking attempt failed.
asterisk-core-sounds-en-wav-current/please-try-call-later.mp3	en	Please try your call again later.
asterisk-core-sounds-en-wav-current/pls-hold-while-try.mp3	en	Please hold while we try to connect you.
asterisk-core-sounds-en-wav-current/pm-invalid-option.mp3	en	That option is invalid. Please try again.
asterisk-core-sounds-en-wav-current/priv-callee-options.mp3	en	Dial 1 if you wish this caller to reach you directly now, and in the future.  Dial 2 if you wish to send this caller to voicemail now and forevermore.  Dial 3 to send this caller to the torture menus, now and forevermore.  Dial 4 to send this caller to a polite "don't call" menu, now and forevermore.  Dial 5 to allow this caller to come straight thru to you in the future, but just this once, send them to voicemail.
asterisk-core-sounds-en-wav-current/priv-callpending.mp3	en	I have a caller waiting, who introduces themselves as:
asterisk-core-sounds-en-wav-current/priv-introsaved.mp3	en	Thank you. Please hold, while I attempt to connect you with your party!
asterisk-core-sounds-en-wav-current/priv-recordintro.mp3	en	At the tone, please say your name.
asterisk-core-sounds-en-wav-current/privacy-incorrect.mp3	en	I'm sorry, that number is not valid.
asterisk-core-sounds-en-wav-current/privacy-prompt.mp3	en	Please enter your phone number, starting with the area code.
asterisk-core-sounds-en-wav-current/privacy-to-blacklist-last-caller.mp3	en	The last caller was...
asterisk-core-sounds-en-wav-current/privacy-unident.mp3	en	The party you are trying to reach does not accept unidentified calls.
asterisk-core-sounds-en-wav-current/queue-callswaiting.mp3	en	Waiting to speak with a representative
asterisk-core-sounds-en-wav-current/queue-holdtime.mp3	en	The estimated hold time is currently
asterisk-core-sounds-en-wav-current/queue-periodic-announce.mp3	en	All of our represenatives are currently busy. Please stay on the line and your call will be answered by the next available representative.
asterisk-core-sounds-en-wav-current/queue-quantity1.mp3	en	Currently, there are more than ...
asterisk-core-sounds-en-wav-current/queue-quantity2.mp3	en	... callers waiting to speak with a representative.
asterisk-core-sounds-en-wav-current/queue-thankyou.mp3	en	Thank you for your patience
asterisk-core-sounds-en-wav-current/queue-thereare.mp3	en	You are currently caller number
asterisk-core-sounds-en-wav-current/queue-youarenext.mp3	en	Your call is now first in line and will be answered by the next available representative.
asterisk-core-sounds-en-wav-current/screen-callee-options.mp3	en	You have these options: Dial 1 if you wish to immediately connect to the incoming call.  Dial 2 if you wish to send this caller to voicemail.  Dial 3 to send this caller to the torture menus.  Dial 4 to send this caller to a polite "don't call" menu.
asterisk-core-sounds-en-wav-current/10.mp3	en	(10 seconds of silence)
asterisk-core-sounds-en-wav-current/2.mp3	en	(2 seconds of silence)
asterisk-core-sounds-en-wav-current/3.mp3	en	(3 seconds of silence)
asterisk-core-sounds-en-wav-current/4.mp3	en	(4 seconds of silence)
asterisk-core-sounds-en-wav-current/5.mp3	en	(5 seconds of silence)
asterisk-core-sounds-en-wav-current/6.mp3	en	(6 seconds of silence)
asterisk-core-sounds-en-wav-current/7.mp3	en	(7 seconds of silence)
asterisk-core-sounds-en-wav-current/8.mp3	en	(8 seconds of silence)
asterisk-core-sounds-en-wav-current/9.mp3	en	(9 seconds of silence)
asterisk-core-sounds-en-wav-current/simul-call-limit-reached.mp3	en	Simultaneous call limit reached.
asterisk-core-sounds-en-wav-current/something-terribly-wrong.mp3	en	Something is terribly wrong!
asterisk-core-sounds-en-wav-current/sorry-youre-having-problems.mp3	en	Sorry you're having problems.
asterisk-core-sounds-en-wav-current/speed-dial-empty.mp3	en	The speed dial entry you've accessed is empty.
asterisk-core-sounds-en-wav-current/speed-dial.mp3	en	Speed-dial.
asterisk-core-sounds-en-wav-current/spy-h323.mp3	en	H.323
asterisk-core-sounds-en-wav-current/spy-mgcp.mp3	en	MGCP
asterisk-core-sounds-en-wav-current/spy-misdn.mp3	en	M I S D N
asterisk-core-sounds-en-wav-current/spy-mobile.mp3	en	Bluetooth Mobile
asterisk-core-sounds-en-wav-current/spy-usbradio.mp3	en	USB Radio
asterisk-core-sounds-en-wav-current/ss-noservice.mp3	en	The number you have dialed is not in service. Please check the number and try again.
asterisk-core-sounds-en-wav-current/telephone-number.mp3	en	Telephone number.
asterisk-core-sounds-en-wav-current/to-call-this-number.mp3	en	To call this number.
asterisk-core-sounds-en-wav-current/to-extension.mp3	en	To extension.
asterisk-core-sounds-en-wav-current/to-rerecord-it.mp3	en	To re-record it.
asterisk-core-sounds-en-wav-current/transfer.mp3	en	Please hold while I try that extension.
asterisk-core-sounds-en-wav-current/tt-allbusy.mp3	en	All representatives of the household are currently assisting other telemarketers.  Please hold and your call will be answered in the order it was received.
asterisk-core-sounds-en-wav-current/tt-monkeys.mp3	en	[sound of monkeys screaming]
asterisk-core-sounds-en-wav-current/tt-monkeysintro.mp3	en	They have been carried away by monkeys
asterisk-core-sounds-en-wav-current/tt-somethingwrong.mp3	en	Something is terribly wrong
asterisk-core-sounds-en-wav-current/tt-weasels.mp3	en	Weasels have eaten our phone system
asterisk-core-sounds-en-wav-current/unidentified-no-callback.mp3	en	Un-indentified or witheld and therefore cannot be called back.
asterisk-core-sounds-en-wav-current/vm-advopts.mp3	en	press 3 for advanced options
asterisk-core-sounds-en-wav-current/vm-calldiffnum.mp3	en	press 2 to enter a different number
asterisk-core-sounds-en-wav-current/vm-changeto.mp3	en	Change to which folder?
asterisk-core-sounds-en-wav-current/vm-Cust3.mp3	en	folder 7
asterisk-core-sounds-en-wav-current/vm-delete.mp3	en	Press 7 to delete this message.
asterisk-core-sounds-en-wav-current/vm-deleted.mp3	en	Message deleted.
asterisk-core-sounds-en-wav-current/vm-dialout.mp3	en	please wait while i connect your call
asterisk-core-sounds-en-wav-current/vm-duration.mp3	en	This message lasts ...
asterisk-core-sounds-en-wav-current/vm-enter-num-to-call.mp3	en	please enter the number you wish to call
asterisk-core-sounds-en-wav-current/vm-forward-multiple.mp3	en	press 1 to send this message, or 2 to add another recipient.
asterisk-core-sounds-en-wav-current/vm-forward.mp3	en	Press 1 to enter an extension, press 2 to use the directory
asterisk-core-sounds-en-wav-current/vm-forwardoptions.mp3	en	press 1 to prepend a message or 2 to forward the message without prepending
asterisk-core-sounds-en-wav-current/vm-from-extension.mp3	en	message from extension
asterisk-core-sounds-en-wav-current/vm-from-phonenumber.mp3	en	message from phone number
asterisk-core-sounds-en-wav-current/vm-helpexit.mp3	en	Press star for help or pound to exit.
asterisk-core-sounds-en-wav-current/vm-incorrect-mailbox.mp3	en	Login incorrect.  Mailbox?
asterisk-core-sounds-en-wav-current/vm-incorrect.mp3	en	Login incorrect.
asterisk-core-sounds-en-wav-current/vm-instructions.mp3	en	To look into your messages press 1 now.  You may quit voicemail at any time by pressing the pound key.
asterisk-core-sounds-en-wav-current/vm-intro.mp3	en	Please leave your message after the tone.  When done hang up or press the pound key. (simple tone sound plays)
asterisk-core-sounds-en-wav-current/vm-invalid-password.mp3	en	That password does not meet the minimum requirements for this mailbox.  Please try again.
asterisk-core-sounds-en-wav-current/vm-invalidpassword.mp3	en	That is not a valid password.  Please try again.
asterisk-core-sounds-en-wav-current/vm-isonphone.mp3	en	is on the phone
asterisk-core-sounds-en-wav-current/vm-leavemsg.mp3	en	Press 5 to leave a message
asterisk-core-sounds-en-wav-current/vm-login.mp3	en	Comedian Mail.  Mailbox?
asterisk-core-sounds-en-wav-current/vm-mailboxfull.mp3	en	sorry but the user's mail box can't accept more messages
asterisk-core-sounds-en-wav-current/vm-marked-nonurgent.mp3	en	Urgent status removed.
asterisk-core-sounds-en-wav-current/vm-marked-urgent.mp3	en	Message marked urgent.
asterisk-core-sounds-en-wav-current/vm-mismatch.mp3	en	The passwords you entered and re-entered did not match.  Please try again.
asterisk-core-sounds-en-wav-current/vm-msgforwarded.mp3	en	Your message has been successfully forwarded.
asterisk-core-sounds-en-wav-current/vm-msginstruct.mp3	en	To hear the next message press 6, to repeat this message press 5, to hear the previous message press 4, to delete or undelete this message press zero, to quit voicemail press pound.
asterisk-core-sounds-en-wav-current/vm-msgsaved.mp3	en	Your message has been saved.
asterisk-core-sounds-en-wav-current/vm-newpassword.mp3	en	Please enter your new password followed by the pound key.
asterisk-core-sounds-en-wav-current/vm-newuser.mp3	en	Welcome to Comedian Mail. First, I will guide you through a short setup process.
asterisk-core-sounds-en-wav-current/vm-next.mp3	en	Press 6 to play the next message.
asterisk-core-sounds-en-wav-current/vm-nobodyavail.mp3	en	Nobody is available to take your call at the moment
asterisk-core-sounds-en-wav-current/vm-nobox.mp3	en	you cannot reply to this message because the sender does not have a mailbox
asterisk-core-sounds-en-wav-current/vm-nomore.mp3	en	No more messages.
asterisk-core-sounds-en-wav-current/vm-nonumber.mp3	en	I'm afraid i don't know who sent this message
asterisk-core-sounds-en-wav-current/vm-num-i-have.mp3	en	the number i have is
asterisk-core-sounds-en-wav-current/vm-onefor-full.mp3	en	Press one to listen to ...
asterisk-core-sounds-en-wav-current/vm-onefor.mp3	en	Press 1 for
asterisk-core-sounds-en-wav-current/vm-options.mp3	en	Press 1 to record your unavailable message, press 2 to record your busy message, press 3 to record your name, press 4 to record your temporary greeting, press 5 to change your password, press star to return to the main menu.
asterisk-core-sounds-en-wav-current/vm-opts-full.mp3	en	press 2 to access messages saved in other folders.  Press 3 to record a message for another mailbox.  Press 0 for greetings and password management.
asterisk-core-sounds-en-wav-current/vm-opts.mp3	en	Press 2 to change folders, press 3 for advanced options, press zero for mailbox options.
asterisk-core-sounds-en-wav-current/vm-passchanged.mp3	en	Your passwords have been changed.
asterisk-core-sounds-en-wav-current/vm-pls-try-again.mp3	en	please try again
asterisk-core-sounds-en-wav-current/vm-prev.mp3	en	Press 4 for the previous message
asterisk-core-sounds-en-wav-current/vm-reachoper.mp3	en	press 0 to reach an operator
asterisk-core-sounds-en-wav-current/vm-rec-busy.mp3	en	After the tone say your busy message and then press the pound key.
asterisk-core-sounds-en-wav-current/vm-rec-name.mp3	en	After the tone say your name and then press the pound key.
asterisk-core-sounds-en-wav-current/vm-rec-temp.mp3	en	After the tone, say your temporary message, and then press the pound key.
asterisk-core-sounds-en-wav-current/vm-rec-unv.mp3	en	After the tone say your unavailable message and then press the pound key.
asterisk-core-sounds-en-wav-current/vm-record-prepend.mp3	en	At the tone, please record an introduction to the forwarded message.  When done, press the pound sign.
asterisk-core-sounds-en-wav-current/vm-reenterpassword.mp3	en	Please re-enter your password followed by the pound key.
asterisk-core-sounds-en-wav-current/vm-repeat.mp3	en	Press 5 to repeat the current message.
asterisk-core-sounds-en-wav-current/vm-review-nonurgent.mp3	en	Press 4 to remove the urgent status of this message.
asterisk-core-sounds-en-wav-current/vm-review-urgent.mp3	en	Press 4 to mark this message as urgent.
asterisk-core-sounds-en-wav-current/vm-review.mp3	en	press 1 to accept this recording press 2 to listen to it press 3 to rerecord your message
asterisk-core-sounds-en-wav-current/vm-savedto.mp3	en	saved to
asterisk-core-sounds-en-wav-current/vm-savefolder.mp3	en	Which folder should I save the message to?
asterisk-core-sounds-en-wav-current/vm-savemessage.mp3	en	or 9 to save this message
asterisk-core-sounds-en-wav-current/vm-saveoper.mp3	en	press 1 to accept this recording, otherwise, please continue to hold
asterisk-core-sounds-en-wav-current/vm-sorry.mp3	en	I'm sorry I did not understand your response.
asterisk-core-sounds-en-wav-current/vm-star-cancel.mp3	en	press star to cancel
asterisk-core-sounds-en-wav-current/vm-starmain.mp3	en	press star to return to the main menu
asterisk-core-sounds-en-wav-current/vm-tempgreetactive.mp3	en	Your temporary greeting is currently active
asterisk-core-sounds-en-wav-current/vm-tempgreeting2.mp3	en	press 1 to record your temporary greeting, or press 2 to erase your temporary greeting
asterisk-core-sounds-en-wav-current/vm-tempgreeting.mp3	en	press 1 to record your temporary greeting
asterisk-core-sounds-en-wav-current/vm-tempremoved.mp3	en	Your temporary greeting has been removed
asterisk-core-sounds-en-wav-current/vm-then-pound.mp3	en	then press pound
asterisk-core-sounds-en-wav-current/vm-theperson.mp3	en	The person at extension
asterisk-core-sounds-en-wav-current/vm-tmpexists.mp3	en	There is a temporary greeting, which overrides your standard greetings.
asterisk-core-sounds-en-wav-current/vm-tocallback.mp3	en	press 2 to call the person who sent this message
asterisk-core-sounds-en-wav-current/vm-tocallnum.mp3	en	press 1 to call this number
asterisk-core-sounds-en-wav-current/vm-tocancel.mp3	en	or pound to cancel.
asterisk-core-sounds-en-wav-current/vm-tocancelmsg.mp3	en	press star to cancel this message
asterisk-core-sounds-en-wav-current/vm-toenternumber.mp3	en	press 1 to enter a number
asterisk-core-sounds-en-wav-current/vm-toforward.mp3	en	Press 8 to forward the message to another user
asterisk-core-sounds-en-wav-current/vm-tohearenv.mp3	en	press 3 to hear the message envelope
asterisk-core-sounds-en-wav-current/vm-tomakecall.mp3	en	press 4 to place an outgoing call
asterisk-core-sounds-en-wav-current/vm-tooshort.mp3	en	your message is too short
asterisk-core-sounds-en-wav-current/vm-toreply.mp3	en	press 1 to send a reply
asterisk-core-sounds-en-wav-current/vm-torerecord.mp3	en	press 3 to rerecord your message
asterisk-core-sounds-en-wav-current/vm-undelete.mp3	en	Press 7 to undelete this message
asterisk-core-sounds-en-wav-current/vm-undeleted.mp3	en	Message undeleted.
asterisk-core-sounds-en-wav-current/vm-unknown-caller.mp3	en	from an unknown caller
asterisk-core-sounds-en-wav-current/vm-whichbox.mp3	en	To leave a message, please enter a mailbox number.
asterisk-extra-sounds-en-wav-current/1-for-am-2-for-pm.mp3	en	Press 1 for A.M, or 2 for P.M.
asterisk-extra-sounds-en-wav-current/1-yes-2-no.mp3	en	Press 1 for yes, or 2 for no.
asterisk-extra-sounds-en-wav-current/T-changed-to.mp3	en	[T] has been changed to [Extension Y]
asterisk-extra-sounds-en-wav-current/T-is-not-available.mp3	en	[T] is not available
asterisk-extra-sounds-en-wav-current/T-to-disable-ancmnt.mp3	en	[T] to disable this announcement
asterisk-extra-sounds-en-wav-current/T-to-enable-ancmnt.mp3	en	[T] to enable this announcement
asterisk-extra-sounds-en-wav-current/T-to-hear-cur-ancmnt.mp3	en	[T] to hear the current announcement
asterisk-extra-sounds-en-wav-current/T-to-leave-msg.mp3	en	[T] to leave a message
asterisk-extra-sounds-en-wav-current/T-to-reach-main-office.mp3	en	[T] to reach the main office
asterisk-extra-sounds-en-wav-current/T-to-rec-ancmnt.mp3	en	[T] to rerecord this announcement
asterisk-extra-sounds-en-wav-current/T-to-rtrn-to-main-menu.mp3	en	[T] to return to the main menu
asterisk-extra-sounds-en-wav-current/a-charge-for-this-svc.mp3	en	A charge for this service
asterisk-extra-sounds-en-wav-current/a-collect-charge-of.mp3	en	A collect charge of
asterisk-extra-sounds-en-wav-current/a-collect-charge.mp3	en	A collect charge
asterisk-extra-sounds-en-wav-current/a-connect-charge-of.mp3	en	A connect charge of
asterisk-extra-sounds-en-wav-current/a-connect-charge.mp3	en	A connect charge
asterisk-extra-sounds-en-wav-current/abandon-all-hope.mp3	en	Abandon all hope, ye who dial here.
asterisk-extra-sounds-en-wav-current/academic-support.mp3	en	Academic Support
asterisk-extra-sounds-en-wav-current/access-denied.mp3	en	access denied
asterisk-extra-sounds-en-wav-current/access-granted.mp3	en	access granted
asterisk-extra-sounds-en-wav-current/accessible-through-system.mp3	en	accessible through this system
asterisk-extra-sounds-en-wav-current/account-balance-is.mp3	en	Account balance is
asterisk-extra-sounds-en-wav-current/accounts-receivable.mp3	en	Accounts Receivable
asterisk-extra-sounds-en-wav-current/advised-to-seek-shelter.mp3	en	are advised to seek shelter immediately
asterisk-extra-sounds-en-wav-current/all-outgoing-lines-unavailable.mp3	en	All outgoing lines are currently unavailable
asterisk-extra-sounds-en-wav-current/all-reps-busy.mp3	en	All of our representatives are currently busy.
asterisk-extra-sounds-en-wav-current/all-your-base.mp3	en	All your base are belong to us.
asterisk-extra-sounds-en-wav-current/an-error-has-occurred.mp3	en	An error has occurred.
asterisk-extra-sounds-en-wav-current/and-area-code.mp3	en	and the area code...
asterisk-extra-sounds-en-wav-current/and-prs-pound-whn-finished.mp3	en	And press pound when finished
asterisk-extra-sounds-en-wav-current/are-you-still-there.mp3	en	Are you still there?(Disbelief)
asterisk-extra-sounds-en-wav-current/are-you-still-there2.mp3	en	Are you still there?(Funny)
asterisk-extra-sounds-en-wav-current/astcc-account-balance-is.mp3	en	Your account balance is...
asterisk-extra-sounds-en-wav-current/astcc-account-number-invalid.mp3	en	Your account number is invalid
asterisk-extra-sounds-en-wav-current/astcc-balance-of-account-is.mp3	en	The balance of your account is...
asterisk-extra-sounds-en-wav-current/astcc-card-number-invalid.mp3	en	The card number you have entered is invalid.
asterisk-extra-sounds-en-wav-current/astcc-followed-by-the-hash-key.mp3	en	followed by the hash key.
asterisk-extra-sounds-en-wav-current/astcc-login12pound.mp3	en	Please enter your 12-digit account number, skipping any punctuation, followed by the pound key.
asterisk-extra-sounds-en-wav-current/astcc-skipping-any-punctuation.mp3	en	skipping any punctuation
asterisk-extra-sounds-en-wav-current/asterisk-friend.mp3	en	Asterisk is your friend.
asterisk-extra-sounds-en-wav-current/at-customers-request.mp3	en	at the customers request
asterisk-extra-sounds-en-wav-current/at-following-number.mp3	en	At the following number
asterisk-extra-sounds-en-wav-current/attention-required.mp3	en	Your attention is required
asterisk-extra-sounds-en-wav-current/available-options.mp3	en	available options
asterisk-extra-sounds-en-wav-current/avg-speed-answer.mp3	en	average speed of answer
asterisk-extra-sounds-en-wav-current/away-naughty-boy.mp3	en	He's currently away from his phone, the naughty boy.
asterisk-extra-sounds-en-wav-current/away-naughty-girl.mp3	en	She's currently away from her phone, the naughty girl.
asterisk-extra-sounds-en-wav-current/because-paranoid.mp3	en	because we're paranoid
asterisk-extra-sounds-en-wav-current/believe-its-free.mp3	en	Can you believe this phone system is free?
asterisk-extra-sounds-en-wav-current/billing-and-collections.mp3	en	Billing and collections
asterisk-extra-sounds-en-wav-current/blue-eyed-polar-bear.mp3	en	Try to spend your time on hold not thinking about a blue-eyed polar bear.
asterisk-extra-sounds-en-wav-current/business-development.mp3	en	Business Development
asterisk-extra-sounds-en-wav-current/busy-hangovers.mp3	en	We're all busy with our hangovers.
asterisk-extra-sounds-en-wav-current/busy-pls-hold.mp3	en	All our lines are currently busy.  Please hold and someone will be with you shortly.
asterisk-extra-sounds-en-wav-current/call-fwd-cancelled.mp3	en	call forward cancelled
asterisk-extra-sounds-en-wav-current/call-fwd-parallel.mp3	en	Call-Forward Parallel
asterisk-extra-sounds-en-wav-current/call-preempted.mp3	en	This call has be preempted
asterisk-extra-sounds-en-wav-current/call-quality-menu.mp3	en	Please rate the quality of the call you just made.  Use the keys one through four to rate the voice quality of the call, with one being the best quality, and four meaning that it was very difficult to understand the other party.  Press five if the call was prematurely disconnected.  Press six if the call was never completed.  Press seven if one direction of the call could not be heard.  Press eight if there were other difficulties.
asterisk-extra-sounds-en-wav-current/call-requres.mp3	en	The call you have made requires a...
asterisk-extra-sounds-en-wav-current/calls-taken-by.mp3	en	calls are being taken by
asterisk-extra-sounds-en-wav-current/calls-waiting-for-rep.mp3	en	calls waiting to speak with a representative
asterisk-extra-sounds-en-wav-current/campground-office.mp3	en	Campground office
asterisk-extra-sounds-en-wav-current/cannot-complete-network-error.mp3	en	Your call cannot be completed due to network error.
asterisk-extra-sounds-en-wav-current/cannot-complete-otherend-error.mp3	en	Your call cannot be completed due to an error at the receiving telephone company.
asterisk-extra-sounds-en-wav-current/cannot-complete-temp-error.mp3	en	Your call cannot be completed due to a temporary error
asterisk-extra-sounds-en-wav-current/card-balance-is.mp3	en	card balance is
asterisk-extra-sounds-en-wav-current/card-is-invalid.mp3	en	card is invalid
asterisk-extra-sounds-en-wav-current/carried-away-by-monkeys.mp3	en	Nobody is available to take your call at the moment.  They have been carried away by monkeys.
asterisk-extra-sounds-en-wav-current/ceo-office.mp3	en	CEO's office
asterisk-extra-sounds-en-wav-current/channel-insecure-warn.mp3	en	This voice path is insecure - do not discuss classified information or use project codewords.
asterisk-extra-sounds-en-wav-current/channel-secure.mp3	en	This voice path is secure.
asterisk-extra-sounds-en-wav-current/clli.mp3	en	CLLI
asterisk-extra-sounds-en-wav-current/close-parenthesis.mp3	en	close parenthesis
asterisk-extra-sounds-en-wav-current/company-dir-411.mp3	en	To access our company directory, dial 411 or dial zero to leave a message in our general mailbox.
asterisk-extra-sounds-en-wav-current/computer-friend1.mp3	en	The computer is your friend.
asterisk-extra-sounds-en-wav-current/computer-friend2.mp3	en	The computer is your friend.
asterisk-extra-sounds-en-wav-current/conf-1-to-list-users.mp3	en	Press 1 to list users currently in the conference.
asterisk-extra-sounds-en-wav-current/conf-2-to-kick-nonadmin.mp3	en	2 to kick all non-administrator users.
asterisk-extra-sounds-en-wav-current/conf-3-mute-or-unmute-nonadmin.mp3	en	3 to mute or unmute all non-administrator users.
asterisk-extra-sounds-en-wav-current/conf-4-to-record-conf.mp3	en	4 to record this conference.
asterisk-extra-sounds-en-wav-current/conf-8-for-more-options.mp3	en	or 8 for more options
asterisk-extra-sounds-en-wav-current/conf-8-to-exit-return-to-conf.mp3	en	or 8 to exit this menu and return to the conference.
asterisk-extra-sounds-en-wav-current/conf-banned.mp3	en	You have been banned from this conference.
asterisk-extra-sounds-en-wav-current/conf-hasentered.mp3	en	has entered the conference
asterisk-extra-sounds-en-wav-current/conf-onlypersonleft.mp3	en	You are now the only person left in this conference.
asterisk-extra-sounds-en-wav-current/conf-peopleinconf.mp3	en	people in this conference
asterisk-extra-sounds-en-wav-current/conf-sysop.mp3	en	The sysop
asterisk-extra-sounds-en-wav-current/conf-sysopreq.mp3	en	System operator requested.
asterisk-extra-sounds-en-wav-current/conf-sysopreqcancelled.mp3	en	System operator request cancelled.
asterisk-extra-sounds-en-wav-current/conf-youareinconfnum.mp3	en	You are in conference number...
asterisk-extra-sounds-en-wav-current/conference-reservations.mp3	en	Conference Reservations
asterisk-extra-sounds-en-wav-current/confirm-number-is.mp3	en	Your confirmation number is
asterisk-extra-sounds-en-wav-current/connection-timed-out.mp3	en	Connection timed out.
asterisk-extra-sounds-en-wav-current/continue-english-press.mp3	en	To continue in english, press
asterisk-extra-sounds-en-wav-current/continue-in-english.mp3	en	to continue in english,...
asterisk-extra-sounds-en-wav-current/could-lose-a-few-pounds.mp3	en	you could lose a few pounds
asterisk-extra-sounds-en-wav-current/counseling-services.mp3	en	Counseling services
asterisk-extra-sounds-en-wav-current/current-time-is.mp3	en	The current time is
asterisk-extra-sounds-en-wav-current/customer-relations.mp3	en	customer relations
asterisk-extra-sounds-en-wav-current/default-attendant.mp3	en	default attendant
asterisk-extra-sounds-en-wav-current/denial-of-service.mp3	en	Denial of service
asterisk-extra-sounds-en-wav-current/department-administrator.mp3	en	Department administrator
asterisk-extra-sounds-en-wav-current/dial-here-often.mp3	en	So, do you dial here often?
asterisk-extra-sounds-en-wav-current/directory-assistance.mp3	en	directory assistance
asterisk-extra-sounds-en-wav-current/discon-or-out-of-service.mp3	en	The number you have dialed has been disconnected or is no longer in service.  Please check the number, and try your call again.
asterisk-extra-sounds-en-wav-current/doing-enum-lookup.mp3	en	Doing an e-num lookup
asterisk-extra-sounds-en-wav-current/dont-know-who-sent.mp3	en	I'm afraid I don't know who sent this message
asterisk-extra-sounds-en-wav-current/driving-directions.mp3	en	for driving directions to our location, press
asterisk-extra-sounds-en-wav-current/echo-test.mp3	en	You will now hear your own voice in an echo test.
asterisk-extra-sounds-en-wav-current/ent-target-attendant.mp3	en	please enter the number of the extension to use for your target attendant
asterisk-extra-sounds-en-wav-current/enter-a-time.mp3	en	Enter a time using 4 digits.  Start with a zero for hours less than ten.
asterisk-extra-sounds-en-wav-current/enter-conf-call-number.mp3	en	Please enter the conference call number for the conference you wish to join.
asterisk-extra-sounds-en-wav-current/enter-conf-pin-number.mp3	en	Please enter the conference pin number.
asterisk-extra-sounds-en-wav-current/enter-ext-of-person.mp3	en	enter the extension of the person you are trying to reach
asterisk-extra-sounds-en-wav-current/enter-password.mp3	en	Please enter your password, followed by the pound key.
asterisk-extra-sounds-en-wav-current/enter-phone-number10.mp3	en	Please enter your ten-digit telephone number, area code first.
asterisk-extra-sounds-en-wav-current/entering-conf-number.mp3	en	You are entering conference number
asterisk-extra-sounds-en-wav-current/enum-lookup-failed.mp3	en	e-num lookup failed
asterisk-extra-sounds-en-wav-current/enum-lookup-successful.mp3	en	e-num lookup successful
asterisk-extra-sounds-en-wav-current/est-hold-time-is.mp3	en	the estimated hold time is currently
asterisk-extra-sounds-en-wav-current/ext-or-zero.mp3	en	Please dial the extension of the person you're trying to reach, or 0 for an operator.
asterisk-extra-sounds-en-wav-current/first-in-line.mp3	en	your call is now first in line, and will be answered by the first available representative
asterisk-extra-sounds-en-wav-current/flagged-for-lea.mp3	en	has been flagged for retrvial by law enforcement officials
asterisk-extra-sounds-en-wav-current/for-a-daily-wakeup-call.mp3	en	For a daily wakeup call
asterisk-extra-sounds-en-wav-current/for-english-press.mp3	en	For english, press
asterisk-extra-sounds-en-wav-current/for-investor-relations.mp3	en	for investor relations, press
asterisk-extra-sounds-en-wav-current/for-louie-louie.mp3	en	for the lyrics to louie, louie, press
asterisk-extra-sounds-en-wav-current/for-no-press.mp3	en	for no, press
asterisk-extra-sounds-en-wav-current/for-qc-and-training-purposes.mp3	en	For quality control and training purposes
asterisk-extra-sounds-en-wav-current/for-quality-purposes.mp3	en	for quality assurance purposes
asterisk-extra-sounds-en-wav-current/for-tech-support.mp3	en	For tech suppory
asterisk-extra-sounds-en-wav-current/for-wakeup-call.mp3	en	For a wakeup call...
asterisk-extra-sounds-en-wav-current/for-yes-press.mp3	en	for yes, press
asterisk-extra-sounds-en-wav-current/gambling-drunk.mp3	en	We're off gambling and getting drunk.
asterisk-extra-sounds-en-wav-current/gmt.mp3	en	greenwich mean time
asterisk-extra-sounds-en-wav-current/go-away1.mp3	en	Go away!
asterisk-extra-sounds-en-wav-current/go-away2.mp3	en	Go away (playful)
asterisk-extra-sounds-en-wav-current/good-afternoon.mp3	en	Good afternoon
asterisk-extra-sounds-en-wav-current/hang-on-a-second-angry.mp3	en	I said HANG ON a second!
asterisk-extra-sounds-en-wav-current/hangup-try-again.mp3	en	Please hangup and try your call again.
asterisk-extra-sounds-en-wav-current/has-been-changed-to.mp3	en	has been changed to
asterisk-extra-sounds-en-wav-current/has-been-disconnected.mp3	en	has been disconnected
asterisk-extra-sounds-en-wav-current/has-been-set-to.mp3	en	has been set to
asterisk-extra-sounds-en-wav-current/has-not-been-seen-for.mp3	en	has not been seen for
asterisk-extra-sounds-en-wav-current/hear-odd-noise.mp3	en	to hear an odd noise, press
asterisk-extra-sounds-en-wav-current/hear-toilet-flush.mp3	en	to hear a toilet flush, press
asterisk-extra-sounds-en-wav-current/hold-or-dial-0.mp3	en	Please continue to hold or dial zero to leave a message in our general mailbox.
asterisk-extra-sounds-en-wav-current/human-resources.mp3	en	Human Resources
asterisk-extra-sounds-en-wav-current/i-dont-understand.mp3	en	I don't understand. (emotionless)
asterisk-extra-sounds-en-wav-current/i-dont-understand2.mp3	en	I... don't understand. (confused?)
asterisk-extra-sounds-en-wav-current/i-dont-understand3.mp3	en	(faint laugh)I don't understand.
asterisk-extra-sounds-en-wav-current/i-dont-understand4.mp3	en	I... don't... understand. (William Shatner-like)
asterisk-extra-sounds-en-wav-current/i-dont-understand5.mp3	en	Um, I don't understand. (spoken quickly)
asterisk-extra-sounds-en-wav-current/i-grow-bored.mp3	en	I grow bored of this conversation.
asterisk-extra-sounds-en-wav-current/icmp.mp3	en	ICMP
asterisk-extra-sounds-en-wav-current/if-grtg-played-indefinately.mp3	en	if this greeting should be played indefinately
asterisk-extra-sounds-en-wav-current/if-grtg-should-expire-at.mp3	en	if this greeting should expire at
asterisk-extra-sounds-en-wav-current/if-maint-contract-or-emergency.mp3	en	If you have a maintenance contract or require emergency assistance.
asterisk-extra-sounds-en-wav-current/if-rotary-phone.mp3	en	If you have a rotary phone, please stay on the line after the menu.
asterisk-extra-sounds-en-wav-current/if-this-is-correct-press.mp3	en	if this is correct, press
asterisk-extra-sounds-en-wav-current/if-u-know-ext-dial.mp3	en	If you know the extension of the party you wish to reach, dial it now.
asterisk-extra-sounds-en-wav-current/if-unsuccessful-speak-to.mp3	en	In case I am unsuccessful, you should speak to...
asterisk-extra-sounds-en-wav-current/if-youd-like-to-make-a-call.mp3	en	If you'd like to make a call...
asterisk-extra-sounds-en-wav-current/im-sorry-unable-to-connect-to-eng.mp3	en	I am sorry, but I was unable to connect you to our on-call engineer.
asterisk-extra-sounds-en-wav-current/information-technology.mp3	en	Information Technology
asterisk-extra-sounds-en-wav-current/infuriate-tech-staff.mp3	en	to infuriate our tech staff with your obvious questions, press [X]
asterisk-extra-sounds-en-wav-current/inside-sales.mp3	en	Inside Sales
asterisk-extra-sounds-en-wav-current/international-call.mp3	en	International call
asterisk-extra-sounds-en-wav-current/invalid-date.mp3	en	invalid date
asterisk-extra-sounds-en-wav-current/investor-relations.mp3	en	Investor Relations
asterisk-extra-sounds-en-wav-current/is-curntly-busy.mp3	en	is currently busy
asterisk-extra-sounds-en-wav-current/is-curntly-unavail.mp3	en	is currently unavailable
asterisk-extra-sounds-en-wav-current/is-now-being-recorded.mp3	en	is now being recorded
asterisk-extra-sounds-en-wav-current/it-services.mp3	en	IT Services
asterisk-extra-sounds-en-wav-current/jedi-extension-trick.mp3	en	This is not the extension you are looking for.
asterisk-extra-sounds-en-wav-current/just-kidding-not-upset.mp3	en	Just kidding; didn't mean to get you all upset.
asterisk-extra-sounds-en-wav-current/just-kidding-not-upset2.mp3	en	Just kidding; didn't mean to get you all upset.
asterisk-extra-sounds-en-wav-current/kilometers-per-hour.mp3	en	kilometers per hour
asterisk-extra-sounds-en-wav-current/last-error-was.mp3	en	The last error on this line was...
asterisk-extra-sounds-en-wav-current/last-num-to-call.mp3	en	The last number that called your line was...
asterisk-extra-sounds-en-wav-current/lea-may-request-info.mp3	en	Law enforcement officials may request this information
asterisk-extra-sounds-en-wav-current/limit-simul-calls.mp3	en	To protect Internet bandwidth and maintain call quality, this system has a limit on the number of simultanious calls.
asterisk-extra-sounds-en-wav-current/lines-complaining-customers.mp3	en	All lines are full of complaining customers.
asterisk-extra-sounds-en-wav-current/login-fail.mp3	en	Login fail
asterisk-extra-sounds-en-wav-current/lots-o-monkeys.mp3	en	(sound effects of many angry monkeys)
asterisk-extra-sounds-en-wav-current/lyrics-louie-louie.mp3	en	[
asterisk-extra-sounds-en-wav-current/made-it-up.mp3	en	Just because I made it up doesn't mean it isn't true.
asterisk-extra-sounds-en-wav-current/marryme.mp3	en	Will you marry me?  Press 1 for yes or 2 for no.
asterisk-extra-sounds-en-wav-current/midnight-tomorrow-night.mp3	en	midnight tomorrow night
asterisk-extra-sounds-en-wav-current/moo1.mp3	en	Moo!
asterisk-extra-sounds-en-wav-current/moo2.mp3	en	mooooo!
asterisk-extra-sounds-en-wav-current/national-weather-service.mp3	en	National Weather Service
asterisk-extra-sounds-en-wav-current/nautical-miles.mp3	en	nautical miles
asterisk-extra-sounds-en-wav-current/nbdy-avail-to-take-call.mp3	en	Nobody is avaialble to take your call.
asterisk-extra-sounds-en-wav-current/network-operations-center.mp3	en	Network Operations Center
asterisk-extra-sounds-en-wav-current/network-operations.mp3	en	Network Operations
asterisk-extra-sounds-en-wav-current/no-112-1.mp3	en	this line does not support one one two services [quickly]
asterisk-extra-sounds-en-wav-current/no-112-2.mp3	en	this line does not support one one two services
asterisk-extra-sounds-en-wav-current/no-911-1.mp3	en	this line does not support nine one one services [quickly]
asterisk-extra-sounds-en-wav-current/no-911-2.mp3	en	this line does not support nine one one services
asterisk-extra-sounds-en-wav-current/no-empty-conferences.mp3	en	No empty conferences currently exist.
asterisk-extra-sounds-en-wav-current/no-info-about-number.mp3	en	no further information is available about this number
asterisk-extra-sounds-en-wav-current/no-longer-in-service.mp3	en	is no longer in service
asterisk-extra-sounds-en-wav-current/no-reply-no-mailbox.mp3	en	you cannot reply to this message because the sender does not have a mailbox
asterisk-extra-sounds-en-wav-current/no-route-exists-to-dest.mp3	en	No route exists to the dialed destination.
asterisk-extra-sounds-en-wav-current/nobody-but-chickens.mp3	en	Nobody here but us chickens!
asterisk-extra-sounds-en-wav-current/not-auth-pstn.mp3	en	You at not authorized to call out using the PSTN
asterisk-extra-sounds-en-wav-current/not-enough-credit.mp3	en	You do not have enough credit to dial this number.
asterisk-extra-sounds-en-wav-current/not-necessary-1.mp3	en	It is not necessary to dial a 1 when dialing this number.
asterisk-extra-sounds-en-wav-current/not-necessary-ac.mp3	en	It is not necessary to dial the area code when dialing this number.
asterisk-extra-sounds-en-wav-current/not-necessary-dial-1-or-ac.mp3	en	It is not necessary to dial a 1 or the area code when dialing this number.
asterisk-extra-sounds-en-wav-current/not-rqsted-wakeup.mp3	en	You have not requested a wakeup call.
asterisk-extra-sounds-en-wav-current/not-taking-your-call.mp3	en	The party at the number you have dialed has decided not to take calls from your number at this time.
asterisk-extra-sounds-en-wav-current/not-yet-assigned.mp3	en	has not yet been assigned
asterisk-extra-sounds-en-wav-current/not-yet-connected.mp3	en	is not yet connected.
asterisk-extra-sounds-en-wav-current/nothing-recorded.mp3	en	nothing has been recorded
asterisk-extra-sounds-en-wav-current/num-not-in-db.mp3	en	Number not found in database.
asterisk-extra-sounds-en-wav-current/num-outside-area.mp3	en	The number you are calling is outside of your local calling area. Please dial...
asterisk-extra-sounds-en-wav-current/office-iguanas.mp3	en	The office has been overrun with iguanas.
asterisk-extra-sounds-en-wav-current/on-monthly-tel-stment.mp3	en	on your monthly telephone statement
asterisk-extra-sounds-en-wav-current/on-no-answer.mp3	en	on no answer
asterisk-extra-sounds-en-wav-current/one-small-step.mp3	en	That's one small step for Asterisk, one giant leap for mankind.
asterisk-extra-sounds-en-wav-current/one-small-step2.mp3	en	That's one small step for Asterisk, one giant leap for mankind.
asterisk-extra-sounds-en-wav-current/open-parenthesis.mp3	en	open parenthesis
asterisk-extra-sounds-en-wav-current/option-is-invalid.mp3	en	That option is invalid. Please try again.
asterisk-extra-sounds-en-wav-current/option-not-implemented.mp3	en	That option is not implemented.
asterisk-extra-sounds-en-wav-current/other-options-exercise.mp3	en	All other options are left as an exercise for the caller.
asterisk-extra-sounds-en-wav-current/otherwise-press.mp3	en	otherwise press
asterisk-extra-sounds-en-wav-current/our-business-hours-are.mp3	en	Our business hours are
asterisk-extra-sounds-en-wav-current/outside-sales.mp3	en	Outside Sales
asterisk-extra-sounds-en-wav-current/outside-transfer.mp3	en	outside transfer
asterisk-extra-sounds-en-wav-current/persons-in-path-of.mp3	en	Persons in the immediate path of the
asterisk-extra-sounds-en-wav-current/pin-invalid.mp3	en	That pin is invalid for this conference.
asterisk-extra-sounds-en-wav-current/pin-number-accepted.mp3	en	Pin number accepted
asterisk-extra-sounds-en-wav-current/please-answer-the-following.mp3	en	Please answer the following...
asterisk-extra-sounds-en-wav-current/please-contact-tech-supt.mp3	en	Please contact technical support
asterisk-extra-sounds-en-wav-current/please-enter-first-three-letters.mp3	en	Please enter the first three letters of your party's first or last name.
asterisk-extra-sounds-en-wav-current/please-hang-up-and-dial-operator.mp3	en	Please hang up and dial the operator.
asterisk-extra-sounds-en-wav-current/please-hang-up-and-try-again.mp3	en	Please hang up and try again.
asterisk-extra-sounds-en-wav-current/please-try-again-later.mp3	en	Please try again later.
asterisk-extra-sounds-en-wav-current/please-wait-connect-oncall-eng.mp3	en	Please wait, and I will attempt to patch you through to our on-call engineer.
asterisk-extra-sounds-en-wav-current/pls-ent-num-transfer.mp3	en	please enter the number to use for call transfer
asterisk-extra-sounds-en-wav-current/pls-enter-conf-password.mp3	en	Please enter the conference password
asterisk-extra-sounds-en-wav-current/pls-enter-num-message-after-tone.mp3	en	Please enter your numeric message after the tone.
asterisk-extra-sounds-en-wav-current/pls-enter-vm-password.mp3	en	Please enter your voicemail password
asterisk-extra-sounds-en-wav-current/pls-entr-num-uwish2-call.mp3	en	please enter the number you wish to call
asterisk-extra-sounds-en-wav-current/pls-hold-silent30.mp3	en	Please hold (silence for 30 seconds)
asterisk-extra-sounds-en-wav-current/pls-lv-msg-will-contact.mp3	en	Please leave a message after the tone and a representative will contact you as soon as possible.
asterisk-extra-sounds-en-wav-current/pls-rcrd-name-at-tone.mp3	en	please record your name at the tone.
asterisk-extra-sounds-en-wav-current/pls-stay-on-line.mp3	en	Please stay on the line and your call will be answered by the next available representative.
asterisk-extra-sounds-en-wav-current/pls-try-again.mp3	en	Please try again!
asterisk-extra-sounds-en-wav-current/pls-try-area-code.mp3	en	please try area code
asterisk-extra-sounds-en-wav-current/pls-try-manually.mp3	en	Please try manually.
asterisk-extra-sounds-en-wav-current/pls-wait-connect-call.mp3	en	Please wait, while I connect your call.
asterisk-extra-sounds-en-wav-current/pm-announcement-number.mp3	en	Annoucement number
asterisk-extra-sounds-en-wav-current/pm-phrase-management.mp3	en	Phrase management.
asterisk-extra-sounds-en-wav-current/pm-to-record-phrase.mp3	en	To record a phrase
asterisk-extra-sounds-en-wav-current/pm-to-review-phrase.mp3	en	To review a phrase
asterisk-extra-sounds-en-wav-current/post-entry-pound.mp3	en	digit account number, skipping any punctuation, followed by the pound key.
asterisk-extra-sounds-en-wav-current/presales-support.mp3	en	Presales support
asterisk-extra-sounds-en-wav-current/presidents-office.mp3	en	Presidents office
asterisk-extra-sounds-en-wav-current/press-6-to-eject.mp3	en	or press 6 to eject the last user.
asterisk-extra-sounds-en-wav-current/press-button-again.mp3	en	Press that button again!
asterisk-extra-sounds-en-wav-current/press-pound-save-changes.mp3	en	Press pound to save your changes.
asterisk-extra-sounds-en-wav-current/press-pound-to-login-star-to-hangup.mp3	en	Press pound to login to voicemail, or * to hangup.
asterisk-extra-sounds-en-wav-current/press-star-cancel.mp3	en	Press star to cancel.
asterisk-extra-sounds-en-wav-current/press-the-space-bar.mp3	en	Press the space bar
asterisk-extra-sounds-en-wav-current/privacy-if-error-leave-message-or-hangup.mp3	en	If you feel this in error, or unjust, please leave a message after the tone. Otherwise, please hang up now.
asterisk-extra-sounds-en-wav-current/privacy-if-error.mp3	en	If you feel this is in error...
asterisk-extra-sounds-en-wav-current/privacy-if-sales-call-contact-in-writing.mp3	en	If this is an unsolicited sales or marketing call, please be advised that we only wish to be contacted in writing.
asterisk-extra-sounds-en-wav-current/privacy-last-caller-was.mp3	en	The last caller was...
asterisk-extra-sounds-en-wav-current/privacy-please-stay-on-line-to-be-connected.mp3	en	Please stay on the line to be connected.
asterisk-extra-sounds-en-wav-current/privacy-screening-unidentified-calls.mp3	en	Due to the huge number of unsolicited calls we recieve, we are now screening all inbound calls where a caller ID is unavailable or withheld.
asterisk-extra-sounds-en-wav-current/privacy-stop-calling-not-welcome.mp3	en	Please stop calling.  You are not welcome here.
asterisk-extra-sounds-en-wav-current/privacy-stop-calling-not-welcome2.mp3	en	Please stop calling.  You are not welcome here. (annoyed)
asterisk-extra-sounds-en-wav-current/privacy-this-number-is.mp3	en	This number is...
asterisk-extra-sounds-en-wav-current/privacy-to-blacklist-this-number.mp3	en	To blacklist this number...
asterisk-extra-sounds-en-wav-current/privacy-to-hear-our-contact-details.mp3	en	to hear our contact details
asterisk-extra-sounds-en-wav-current/privacy-to-whitelist-last-caller.mp3	en	To whitelist the last caller...
asterisk-extra-sounds-en-wav-current/privacy-to-whitelist-this-number.mp3	en	To whitelist this number...
asterisk-extra-sounds-en-wav-current/privacy-you-are-blacklisted.mp3	en	You have been blacklisted on this system.
asterisk-extra-sounds-en-wav-current/privacy-you-are-calling-from.mp3	en	You are calling from...
asterisk-extra-sounds-en-wav-current/privacy-your-callerid-is.mp3	en	Your Caller*ID is...
asterisk-extra-sounds-en-wav-current/q-dot-931.mp3	en	q.931
asterisk-extra-sounds-en-wav-current/q-dot-9thirty1.mp3	en	q.9-thirty-one
asterisk-extra-sounds-en-wav-current/quality-assurance.mp3	en	Quality Assurance
asterisk-extra-sounds-en-wav-current/quality-control.mp3	en	Quality Contol
asterisk-extra-sounds-en-wav-current/reassigned-new-areacode.mp3	en	has been reassigned in another areacode
asterisk-extra-sounds-en-wav-current/remote-already-in-this-mode-2.mp3	en	The remote is already in this mode.
asterisk-extra-sounds-en-wav-current/remote-already-in-this-mode.mp3	en	remote is already in this mode.
asterisk-extra-sounds-en-wav-current/research-and-development.mp3	en	Research & Development
asterisk-extra-sounds-en-wav-current/route-sip.mp3	en	Your call is being routed over SIP.
asterisk-extra-sounds-en-wav-current/rqsted-wakeup-for.mp3	en	You have requested a wakeup call for...
asterisk-extra-sounds-en-wav-current/save-announce-press.mp3	en	To save this announcement, press
asterisk-extra-sounds-en-wav-current/say-temp-msg-prs-pound.mp3	en	say your temporary message and then press the pound key
asterisk-extra-sounds-en-wav-current/says-thats-stupid.mp3	en	says that's a really stupid thing to do.
asterisk-extra-sounds-en-wav-current/self-destruct-in.mp3	en	This system will self destuct in...
asterisk-extra-sounds-en-wav-current/service-not-implemented.mp3	en	That service is not implemented.
asterisk-extra-sounds-en-wav-current/shall-i-try-again.mp3	en	Shall I try again?
asterisk-extra-sounds-en-wav-current/shiny-brass-lamp.mp3	en	There is a shiny brass lamp nearby.
asterisk-extra-sounds-en-wav-current/someone-you-trust1.mp3	en	Someone you trust is one of us.
asterisk-extra-sounds-en-wav-current/someone-you-trust2.mp3	en	Someone you trust is one of us.
asterisk-extra-sounds-en-wav-current/someone-you-trust3.mp3	en	Someone you trust is one of us.
asterisk-extra-sounds-en-wav-current/sorry-cant-let-you-do-that.mp3	en	I'm sorry, I can't let you do that.
asterisk-extra-sounds-en-wav-current/sorry-cant-let-you-do-that2.mp3	en	I'm sorry, I can't let you do that.
asterisk-extra-sounds-en-wav-current/sorry-cant-let-you-do-that3.mp3	en	I'm sorry, I can't let you do that.
asterisk-extra-sounds-en-wav-current/sorry-mailbox-full.mp3	en	Sorry, but the user's mailbox can't accept more messages.
asterisk-extra-sounds-en-wav-current/sorry2.mp3	en	We're sorry, but we are not able to answer your call at this time.
asterisk-extra-sounds-en-wav-current/spam.mp3	en	Thank you for calling Special Price Analysis and Marketing.  For cheap generic Vallium, Xanex or Viagra press 1.  For Gucci and Rolex replicas please press 2.  To enlarge your penis or breasts, please press 3.  To speak with the Minister of Finance of Nigera about a 50 million dollar account, press 4.
asterisk-extra-sounds-en-wav-current/speak-louder-into-phone.mp3	en	please speak louder, or speak directly into the telephone to ensure a clear recording
asterisk-extra-sounds-en-wav-current/speak-louder.mp3	en	please speak louder to ensure a clear recording
asterisk-extra-sounds-en-wav-current/speak-to-the-operator.mp3	en	speak to the operator
asterisk-extra-sounds-en-wav-current/star-for-menu-again.mp3	en	Press the star key to hear this menu again
asterisk-extra-sounds-en-wav-current/starting-with-either.mp3	en	starting with either
asterisk-extra-sounds-en-wav-current/step-in-stream.mp3	en	You step in the stream, but the water has moved on.
asterisk-extra-sounds-en-wav-current/system-crashed.mp3	en	The system has crashed
asterisk-extra-sounds-en-wav-current/system-status-msg.mp3	en	Please listen carefully to the following system status message.
asterisk-extra-sounds-en-wav-current/talking-to-myself.mp3	en	Am I talking to myself?
asterisk-extra-sounds-en-wav-current/telephone-in-your-pocket.mp3	en	Oooo! Is that a telephone in your pocket, or are you just happy to see me?
asterisk-extra-sounds-en-wav-current/telephone-in-your-pocket2.mp3	en	Oooo! Is that a telephone in your pocket, or are you just happy to see me?
asterisk-extra-sounds-en-wav-current/teletubbie-murder.mp3	en	has been brutally murdered and mutilated by the Teletubbies.
asterisk-extra-sounds-en-wav-current/temp-disconnected.mp3	en	has been temporarialy disconnected
asterisk-extra-sounds-en-wav-current/test-tones-follow.mp3	en	Test tones follow.
asterisk-extra-sounds-en-wav-current/thank-you-cooperation.mp3	en	Thank you for your cooperation.
asterisk-extra-sounds-en-wav-current/thank-you-for-calling.mp3	en	Thank you for calling.
asterisk-extra-sounds-en-wav-current/thanks-for-calling-today.mp3	en	Thanks for calling today.
asterisk-extra-sounds-en-wav-current/thanks-for-using.mp3	en	Thanks for using
asterisk-extra-sounds-en-wav-current/that-is-not-rec-phn-num.mp3	en	That is not a recognized phone number
asterisk-extra-sounds-en-wav-current/that-tickles.mp3	en	Oooh, that tickles!
asterisk-extra-sounds-en-wav-current/that-you-require.mp3	en	that you require
asterisk-extra-sounds-en-wav-current/the-monkeys-twice.mp3	en	The monkeys!  THE MONKEYS!
asterisk-extra-sounds-en-wav-current/the-new-number-is.mp3	en	The new number is
asterisk-extra-sounds-en-wav-current/the-num-i-have-is.mp3	en	the number I have is
asterisk-extra-sounds-en-wav-current/the-number-u-dialed.mp3	en	The number you have dialed
asterisk-extra-sounds-en-wav-current/the-party-you-are-calling.mp3	en	The party you are calling
asterisk-extra-sounds-en-wav-current/then-press-pound.mp3	en	then press pound
asterisk-extra-sounds-en-wav-current/there-is-no-customer-support.mp3	en	These is not customer support.
asterisk-extra-sounds-en-wav-current/these-are-currently.mp3	en	these are currently
asterisk-extra-sounds-en-wav-current/this-call-may-be-monitored-or-recorded.mp3	en	This call may be monitored or recorded
asterisk-extra-sounds-en-wav-current/this-call-may-be.mp3	en	This call may be
asterisk-extra-sounds-en-wav-current/this-call-will-cost.mp3	en	This call will cost...
asterisk-extra-sounds-en-wav-current/this-call-will-end-in.mp3	en	This call will end in
asterisk-extra-sounds-en-wav-current/this-is-the-voice-mail-system.mp3	en	This is the voicemail system
asterisk-extra-sounds-en-wav-current/this-is-yr-wakeup-call.mp3	en	This is your wakeup call.
asterisk-extra-sounds-en-wav-current/thnk-u-for-patience.mp3	en	thank you for your patience
asterisk-extra-sounds-en-wav-current/to-accept-recording.mp3	en	to accept this recording
asterisk-extra-sounds-en-wav-current/to-be-called-back.mp3	en	To be called back when a representative is available, press--
asterisk-extra-sounds-en-wav-current/to-blklist-last-caller.mp3	en	To blacklist the last caller, press...
asterisk-extra-sounds-en-wav-current/to-blklist-last-num.mp3	en	To blacklist the last number, press...
asterisk-extra-sounds-en-wav-current/to-call-num-press.mp3	en	To call this number, press...
asterisk-extra-sounds-en-wav-current/to-call-prson-w-sent-msg.mp3	en	to call the person who sent this message
asterisk-extra-sounds-en-wav-current/to-cancel-this-msg.mp3	en	to cancel this message
asterisk-extra-sounds-en-wav-current/to-cancel-wakeup.mp3	en	To cancel a wakeup call...
asterisk-extra-sounds-en-wav-current/to-change-exp-date.mp3	en	to change the expiration date
asterisk-extra-sounds-en-wav-current/to-change-your-pin-number.mp3	en	To change your pin number
asterisk-extra-sounds-en-wav-current/to-collect-voicemail.mp3	en	to collect voicemail
asterisk-extra-sounds-en-wav-current/to-compose-a-message.mp3	en	to compose a message
asterisk-extra-sounds-en-wav-current/to-confirm-wakeup.mp3	en	To confirm a wakeup call...
asterisk-extra-sounds-en-wav-current/to-dial-by-name-press.mp3	en	to dial by name, press
asterisk-extra-sounds-en-wav-current/to-dial-by-name.mp3	en	To dial by name...
asterisk-extra-sounds-en-wav-current/to-enter-a-diff-number.mp3	en	to enter a different number
asterisk-extra-sounds-en-wav-current/to-enter-a-number.mp3	en	to enter a number
asterisk-extra-sounds-en-wav-current/to-erase-yr-temp-grtg.mp3	en	to erase your temporary greeting
asterisk-extra-sounds-en-wav-current/to-hear-callerid.mp3	en	To hear the Caller*ID of the last call
asterisk-extra-sounds-en-wav-current/to-hear-menu-again.mp3	en	to hear this menu again
asterisk-extra-sounds-en-wav-current/to-hear-msg-again.mp3	en	to hear this message again.
asterisk-extra-sounds-en-wav-current/to-hear-msg-envelope.mp3	en	to hear the message envelope
asterisk-extra-sounds-en-wav-current/to-hear-net-status.mp3	en	to hear current network status,...
asterisk-extra-sounds-en-wav-current/to-hear-weather-status.mp3	en	to hear weather status,...
asterisk-extra-sounds-en-wav-current/to-hear-your-account-balance.mp3	en	To hear your account balance
asterisk-extra-sounds-en-wav-current/to-leave-message-for.mp3	en	To leave a message for
asterisk-extra-sounds-en-wav-current/to-log-in-to-voice-mail.mp3	en	To log into voicemail
asterisk-extra-sounds-en-wav-current/to-place-outgoing-call.mp3	en	to place an outgoing call
asterisk-extra-sounds-en-wav-current/to-reach-first-rep.mp3	en	To reach the first available representitivie
asterisk-extra-sounds-en-wav-current/to-rec-yr-temp-grtg.mp3	en	to record your temporary greeting
asterisk-extra-sounds-en-wav-current/to-record-call.mp3	en	to record call
asterisk-extra-sounds-en-wav-current/to-redial-the-last-number-you-called.mp3	en	To redial the last number you called
asterisk-extra-sounds-en-wav-current/to-report-emergency.mp3	en	To report an emergency...
asterisk-extra-sounds-en-wav-current/to-report-system-network-down.mp3	en	To report a system or network down
asterisk-extra-sounds-en-wav-current/to-rerecord-announce.mp3	en	To rerecord this announcement, press
asterisk-extra-sounds-en-wav-current/to-rerecord-yr-message.mp3	en	to re-record your message
asterisk-extra-sounds-en-wav-current/to-rmv-num-blklist.mp3	en	To remove a number from the blacklist, press...
asterisk-extra-sounds-en-wav-current/to-rqst-wakeup-call.mp3	en	To request a wakeup call...
asterisk-extra-sounds-en-wav-current/to-send-a-reply.mp3	en	to send a reply
asterisk-extra-sounds-en-wav-current/to-snooze-for.mp3	en	To snooze for...
asterisk-extra-sounds-en-wav-current/to-use-def-attendant.mp3	en	to use the default attendant, just press pound
asterisk-extra-sounds-en-wav-current/tones-that-follow-are-for-the-deaf.mp3	en	The tones that follow are for the deaf.
asterisk-extra-sounds-en-wav-current/touchtone1.mp3	en	If you're calling from a rotary dial phone, hangup, go to a phone store, and purchase one of those new fangled inventions called a touch tone phone.
asterisk-extra-sounds-en-wav-current/touchtone2.mp3	en	And if you're calling from a rotary dial phone, hello, there's this thing call touch tone sweety you might want to look into.
asterisk-extra-sounds-en-wav-current/touchtone3.mp3	en	If you're calling from a rotary dial phone, hangup, go to a phone store, and purchase one of those 21'st century new fangled inventions called a touch tone phone.
asterisk-extra-sounds-en-wav-current/turn-off-recording.mp3	en	to turn off call recording
asterisk-extra-sounds-en-wav-current/twisty-maze.mp3	en	You are in a maze of twisty little menus, all alike.
asterisk-extra-sounds-en-wav-current/uh-oh1.mp3	en	Uh oh!  [in a cutesy, Teletubbie's like voice]
asterisk-extra-sounds-en-wav-current/uh-oh2.mp3	en	Uh oh!  [in a cutesy, Teletubbie's like voice]
asterisk-extra-sounds-en-wav-current/visit-asterisk-website.mp3	en	Visit the asterisk website at w w w dot asterisk dot org
asterisk-extra-sounds-en-wav-current/voice-mail-system.mp3	en	Voice Mail System
asterisk-extra-sounds-en-wav-current/wait-moment.mp3	en	Please wait a moment.
asterisk-extra-sounds-en-wav-current/wait-offensive-sounds.mp3	en	Please wait one moment while I access our gigantic library of offensive sounds!
asterisk-extra-sounds-en-wav-current/wakeup-call-cancelled.mp3	en	Your wakeup call has been cancelled.
asterisk-extra-sounds-en-wav-current/wakeup-call.mp3	en	Wakeup call
asterisk-extra-sounds-en-wav-current/wakeup-daily.mp3	en	Daily Wakeup Call
asterisk-extra-sounds-en-wav-current/wakeup-for-daily.mp3	en	For daily wakeup calls...
asterisk-extra-sounds-en-wav-current/wakeup-for-one-time.mp3	en	For a one-time wakeup call
asterisk-extra-sounds-en-wav-current/wakeup-onetime.mp3	en	One-time wakeup call
asterisk-extra-sounds-en-wav-current/walks-into-bar-mail.mp3	en	A man walks into a bar, sits down and ... welcome to Comedian Mail!
asterisk-extra-sounds-en-wav-current/washington-dc.mp3	en	Washington, DC
asterisk-extra-sounds-en-wav-current/we-dont-have-tech-support.mp3	en	We don't have tech support.
asterisk-extra-sounds-en-wav-current/weasels-eaten-phonesys.mp3	en	Weasels have eaten our phone system.
asterisk-extra-sounds-en-wav-current/weather-station.mp3	en	weather station
asterisk-extra-sounds-en-wav-current/what-time-it-is.mp3	en	Do you have any idea what <emph> time </emph> it is?
asterisk-extra-sounds-en-wav-current/what-time-it-is2.mp3	en	Do you have any idea what <emph> time </emph> it is?
asterisk-extra-sounds-en-wav-current/when-dialing-this-number.mp3	en	When dialing this number...
asterisk-extra-sounds-en-wav-current/who-would-you-like-to-call.mp3	en	Who would you like to call?
asterisk-extra-sounds-en-wav-current/why-no-answer-mystery.mp3	en	Your call is important to us, but exactly why we haven't answered it yet is a mystery even to us.
asterisk-extra-sounds-en-wav-current/will-not-expire.mp3	en	will not expire
asterisk-extra-sounds-en-wav-current/will-reflect-charge-of.mp3	en	will reflect a charge of
asterisk-extra-sounds-en-wav-current/wish-to-continue.mp3	en	do you wish to continue?
asterisk-extra-sounds-en-wav-current/wrong-try-again-smarty.mp3	en	Wrong, wrong, wrong.  Try again, smart guy.
asterisk-extra-sounds-en-wav-current/wtng-to-spk-w-rep.mp3	en	waiting to speak with a representative
asterisk-extra-sounds-en-wav-current/www-switchboard-com.mp3	en	www.switchboard.com
asterisk-extra-sounds-en-wav-current/yeah.mp3	en	Yeah!
asterisk-extra-sounds-en-wav-current/yes-dear.mp3	en	Yes, dear. (annoyed)
asterisk-extra-sounds-en-wav-current/yes-dear2.mp3	en	Yes, dear. (playful)
asterisk-extra-sounds-en-wav-current/you-are-caller-num.mp3	en	you are caller number
asterisk-extra-sounds-en-wav-current/you-are-curr-call-num.mp3	en	you are currently caller number
asterisk-extra-sounds-en-wav-current/you-dialed-wrong-number.mp3	en	You have dialed the wrong number.
asterisk-extra-sounds-en-wav-current/you-have-dialed.mp3	en	You have dialed:
asterisk-extra-sounds-en-wav-current/you-have-reached-a-test-number.mp3	en	You have reached a test number.
asterisk-extra-sounds-en-wav-current/you-have-these-options.mp3	en	You have these options.
asterisk-extra-sounds-en-wav-current/you-must-first-dial.mp3	en	You must first dial
asterisk-extra-sounds-en-wav-current/you-seem-impatient.mp3	en	You seem impatient
asterisk-extra-sounds-en-wav-current/you-sound-cute.mp3	en	So, _you_ sound cute.
asterisk-extra-sounds-en-wav-current/your-msg-has-been-saved.mp3	en	Your message has been saved
asterisk-extra-sounds-en-wav-current/your-msg-is-too-short.mp3	en	your message is too short
asterisk-extra-sounds-en-wav-current/your-temp-greeting.mp3	en	your temporary greeting
asterisk-extra-sounds-en-wav-current/cc-amex.mp3	en	American Express
asterisk-extra-sounds-en-wav-current/invalid-featurecode.mp3	en	I'm sorry.  That feature code is not supported.  Please try again.
asterisk-extra-sounds-en-wav-current/pls-hold-process-tx.mp3	en	Please hold while we process your transaction.
asterisk-extra-sounds-en-wav-current/privacy-restricted-by-req.mp3	en	...restricted by customer request.
asterisk-extra-sounds-en-wav-current/tt-codezone_MIXDOWN.mp3	en	This highway leads to the shadowy tip of reality: you're on a through route to the land of the different, the bizarre, the unexplainable...Go as far as you like on this road. Its limits are only those of mind itself. Ladies and Gentlemen, you're entering the wondrous dimension of imagination. Next stop....The Code Zone.
asterisk-extra-sounds-en-wav-current/tt-codezone.mp3	en	This highway leads to the shadowy tip of reality: you're on a through route to the land of the different, the bizarre, the unexplainable...Go as far as you like on this road. Its limits are only those of mind itself. Ladies and Gentlemen, you're entering the wondrous dimension of imagination. Next stop....The Code Zone.
asterisk-extra-sounds-en-wav-current/tt-hangup.mp3	en	Press 1 to end this call, or any other key to hangup.
asterisk-extra-sounds-en-wav-current/tt-monty-knights.mp3	en	Go and boil your bottoms you silly english kniggggits. I fart in your general direction.  Your mother was a hamster and your father smelt of elderberries. Now go away or I shall taunt you a second time.
asterisk-extra-sounds-en-wav-current/tx-has-been-approved.mp3	en	Your transaction has been approved.
asterisk-extra-sounds-en-wav-current/your-notifications.mp3	en	...your notifications.
asterisk-extra-sounds-en-wav-current/your-req-notification.mp3	en	...your requested notification.
asterisk-extra-sounds-en-wav-current/account_number.mp3	en	Your account number
asterisk-extra-sounds-en-wav-current/after_tone.mp3	en	After the tone
asterisk-extra-sounds-en-wav-current/andnowstandby.mp3	en	Please stand by for 10 minutes of your life you'll never get back
asterisk-extra-sounds-en-wav-current/at_tone.mp3	en	At the tone
asterisk-extra-sounds-en-wav-current/awkward.mp3	en	Awkward (sung)
asterisk-extra-sounds-en-wav-current/binary.mp3	en	Thank you for calling. We are unavailable to take your call at this time so have forwarded your call to a Babbage difference engine for parsing and transcription. To avoid errors please leave a message in words of one syllable or less and avoid run-on sentences. You may also leave a message in binary using the words one and zero or oh. Thank you.
asterisk-extra-sounds-en-wav-current/bombsquad.mp3	en	Thank you for calling. Your anonymous tip has been recorded and the bomb disposal team has been dispatched to your location. No further action is required unless you require a clean pair of shorts. We cannot help you there.
asterisk-extra-sounds-en-wav-current/challenge_try_again.mp3	en	That's ok. I like a challenge.  Let's try one more time.
asterisk-extra-sounds-en-wav-current/comedyclub.mp3	en	Thank you for calling to inquire about our comedy club. It is available for loan to discourage further dissemination of bad puns. Please leave contact information after the tone.
asterisk-extra-sounds-en-wav-current/countdown.mp3	en	Thank you for calling. Self destruct has been initiated will occur in thirty seconds. If you believe you have reached this destination in error please enter the twelve digit abort code now or hang up and seek shelter immediately.
asterisk-extra-sounds-en-wav-current/crashing_conf.mp3	en	Are you crashing this conference?
asterisk-extra-sounds-en-wav-current/current_account_balance.mp3	en	Your current account balance is
asterisk-extra-sounds-en-wav-current/donotcall1.mp3	en	This number is listed on the Do Not Call list.  Your number has been logged.  If you feel you have reached this number by mistake you may push one now to record a message.  Feel free to leave your own home number so that we may return your call to your home at a time of our choosing.
asterisk-extra-sounds-en-wav-current/donotcall2.mp3	en	Please add this number to your do-not-call list.
asterisk-extra-sounds-en-wav-current/eletelephony.mp3	en	"Once there was an elephant,
asterisk-extra-sounds-en-wav-current/enter_account.mp3	en	Please enter your account number.
asterisk-extra-sounds-en-wav-current/feeling_lucky_punk.mp3	en	"You've got to ask yourself one question:  'Do I feel lucky?'... Well, do you, punk?"
asterisk-extra-sounds-en-wav-current/followed_hash.mp3	en	. . . followed by the hash key.
asterisk-extra-sounds-en-wav-current/followed_pound.mp3	en	. . . followed by the pound key.
asterisk-extra-sounds-en-wav-current/forget_about_it.mp3	en	Fuggetaboutit. {read in the style of Tony Soprano}
asterisk-extra-sounds-en-wav-current/get_bleep_outta.mp3	en	That's great! Now get the f*%# out of here!
asterisk-extra-sounds-en-wav-current/get_information_first.mp3	en	Can I get some information from you first?
asterisk-extra-sounds-en-wav-current/get_information.mp3	en	I just need to get a little information from you.
asterisk-extra-sounds-en-wav-current/get-in-line-sales-guy.mp3	en	Thank you for calling. We answer calls by appointment only. Our first available appointment is approximately 90 days from today. To schedule an appointment, press 1 and leave the date and time of your requested appointment and a home phone number. We will contact you early next weekend if it is available. To repeat this message, press 2.
asterisk-extra-sounds-en-wav-current/grammar.mp3	en	Thank you for calling. Please leave a message after the tone. In order to eliminate phone spam and phishing your message will be reviewed by an English major (or majorette) and if found to contain grammatical, tense or structural errors it will be discarded. Please enunciate clearly to avoid issues related to homonyms. Thank you and have a nice day.
asterisk-extra-sounds-en-wav-current/goodbye_for_the_best.mp3	en	Goodbye. No, really, it's probably for the best. Goodbye.
asterisk-extra-sounds-en-wav-current/goodbye_love.mp3	en	Goodbye. Thank you for trying out the Asterisk open source PBX. You love it, right?
asterisk-extra-sounds-en-wav-current/got_kidding.mp3	en	OMG - You've got to be kidding.
asterisk-extra-sounds-en-wav-current/hal_goodbye.mp3	en	this phone call can serve no purpose anymore. Goodbye.
asterisk-extra-sounds-en-wav-current/happy_saved.mp3	en	I'm happy to tell you, your message has been saved.
asterisk-extra-sounds-en-wav-current/keywords_cross_fingers.mp3	en	Please enter one or more keywords separated by star, cross your fingers, and then press the pound key.
asterisk-extra-sounds-en-wav-current/like_to_tell_valid_ext.mp3	en	I'd like to tell you that's a valid extension but I can't. Try again.
asterisk-extra-sounds-en-wav-current/martini.mp3	en	I'm afraid that I'm unable to create a connection to the Digium Demonstration Asterisk server.  Believe me, I'm frustrated too.  You may find some helpful debugging information on the Asterisk console. I'm going for a martini.
asterisk-extra-sounds-en-wav-current/messages_curious.mp3	en	To look into your messages press 1 now.  Come on, you know you're curious. If you're so done with this you may quit voicemail at any time by pressing the pound key.
asterisk-extra-sounds-en-wav-current/mind_repeating.mp3	en	Would you mind repeating that?
asterisk-extra-sounds-en-wav-current/minions-not-answering-leave-message.mp3	en	I'm sorry, my minions could not connect your call so please leave a message.
asterisk-extra-sounds-en-wav-current/no_invite_to_conf.mp3	en	That PIN number is invalid for this conference.  Is there a chance you weren't invited?
asterisk-extra-sounds-en-wav-current/no_longer_conf.mp3	en	. . . is no longer in the conference.
asterisk-extra-sounds-en-wav-current/no_problem_help.mp3	en	No problem. I can help you with that.
asterisk-extra-sounds-en-wav-current/no_worries_try_again.mp3	en	No worries. Let's try again.
asterisk-extra-sounds-en-wav-current/none_of_my_business1.mp3	en	. . . Is unavailable. I have no idea what they're up to. None of my business!
asterisk-extra-sounds-en-wav-current/none_of_my_business2.mp3	en	Nobody is available to take your call at the moment. I have no idea what they're up to. None of my business!
asterisk-extra-sounds-en-wav-current/not_me.mp3	en	It's not me, it's you.  Let's find an agent.
asterisk-extra-sounds-en-wav-current/not_pass.mp3	en	You shall not pass!
asterisk-extra-sounds-en-wav-current/not_you.mp3	en	It's not you, it's me.  Let's find an agent.
asterisk-extra-sounds-en-wav-current/not_siri.mp3	en	I think you may have me confused with Siri.
asterisk-extra-sounds-en-wav-current/OfficeSpace.mp3	en	Hello, just a moment.
asterisk-extra-sounds-en-wav-current/ogm_home.mp3	en	There is no one to answer your call right now.  Please leave a message and someone will return your call.
asterisk-extra-sounds-en-wav-current/passwords_not_match.mp3	en	The passwords you entered and re-entered do not match.  I don't know what to tell you.  Please try again?
asterisk-extra-sounds-en-wav-current/pin_number.mp3	en	your PIN number.
asterisk-extra-sounds-en-wav-current/please-hold-minion-connect.mp3	en	Please continue to hold while my minions attempt to connect your call.
asterisk-extra-sounds-en-wav-current/please-hold-while-minion.mp3	en	Please hold on while I find a minion to answer your call.
asterisk-extra-sounds-en-wav-current/press_pound_hash_key.mp3	en	press the pound or hash key.
asterisk-extra-sounds-en-wav-current/press_pound_hash.mp3	en	press pound or hash.
asterisk-extra-sounds-en-wav-current/press-or-say-0.mp3	en	Press or say zero.
asterisk-extra-sounds-en-wav-current/press-or-say-1.mp3	en	Press or say 1
asterisk-extra-sounds-en-wav-current/press-or-say-2.mp3	en	Press or say 2
asterisk-extra-sounds-en-wav-current/press-or-say-3.mp3	en	Press or say 3
asterisk-extra-sounds-en-wav-current/press-or-say-4.mp3	en	press or say 4
asterisk-extra-sounds-en-wav-current/press-or-say-5.mp3	en	Press or say 5
asterisk-extra-sounds-en-wav-current/press-or-say-6.mp3	en	Press or say 6
asterisk-extra-sounds-en-wav-current/press-or-say-7.mp3	en	Press or say 7
asterisk-extra-sounds-en-wav-current/press-or-say-8.mp3	en	Press or say 8
asterisk-extra-sounds-en-wav-current/press-or-say-9.mp3	en	Press or say 9
asterisk-extra-sounds-en-wav-current/prime_number.mp3	en	To proceed, please enter any 7-digit prime number followed by the pound key.
asterisk-extra-sounds-en-wav-current/prompt-not-found.mp3	en	The prompt file was not found.
asterisk-extra-sounds-en-wav-current/quality_control.mp3	en	For quality control purp.. (laughs) for quality control purposes, this call (laughing) may be...
asterisk-extra-sounds-en-wav-current/Randulo-allison.mp3	en	Allsion
asterisk-extra-sounds-en-wav-current/regret_not_saved.mp3	en	"I regret to tell you:  your message has not been saved."
asterisk-extra-sounds-en-wav-current/repeat_pin.mp3	en	I'm going to repeat your PIN number back to you.  I think you said
asterisk-extra-sounds-en-wav-current/said_hold_on.mp3	en	I said hold on!
asterisk-extra-sounds-en-wav-current/saleshell.mp3	en	Please leave a message after the tone, if this is a Sales please call press 5 now
asterisk-extra-sounds-en-wav-current/sendhelp.mp3	en	Thank you for calling. Your location has been identified and a SWAT team has been dispatched to your location. No further action is required by you. You will be rescued shortly.
asterisk-extra-sounds-en-wav-current/SIP_Test_Failure.mp3	en	Keep at it bozo!
asterisk-extra-sounds-en-wav-current/SIP_Test_Success.mp3	en	Your test has succeeded and the SIP device or standard compliance your are attempting to fix has worked. Please enjoy your work until something else breaks.
asterisk-extra-sounds-en-wav-current/sorry_caller_number.mp3	en	"I'm sorry to tell you, you are currently caller number: "
asterisk-extra-sounds-en-wav-current/sorry_didnt_get.mp3	en	I'm so sorry. I didn't get that.
asterisk-extra-sounds-en-wav-current/sorry_login_incorrect.mp3	en	Sorry. Login incorrect. Give it another try.
asterisk-extra-sounds-en-wav-current/sorry_missed.mp3	en	I'm sorry, I missed that.
asterisk-extra-sounds-en-wav-current/sorry_no_messages.mp3	en	Sorry, no more messages. Your wish is my command. Totally.
asterisk-extra-sounds-en-wav-current/sorry_didnt_quite_get.mp3	en	Sorry, I didn't quite get that.
asterisk-extra-sounds-en-wav-current/sorrydave.mp3	en	I'm sorry Dave, I'm afraid I can't do that.
asterisk-extra-sounds-en-wav-current/still_on_phone.mp3	en	is still on the phone.  Jeepers. Chatty Cathy!
asterisk-extra-sounds-en-wav-current/sure_help.mp3	en	Sure. I can help you with that.
asterisk-extra-sounds-en-wav-current/talkin_me.mp3	en	Are you talkin to me?
asterisk-extra-sounds-en-wav-current/telemarketercalling.mp3	en	Telemarketing calls have been reported originating from your number.
asterisk-extra-sounds-en-wav-current/thank_you_calling.mp3	en	Thank you for calling.
asterisk-extra-sounds-en-wav-current/thanks-annoyance.mp3	en	Thank you for calling. Please hold a moment while I locate someone who will put up with your constant complaining and whining.
asterisk-extra-sounds-en-wav-current/timewarp.mp3	en	Due to the transient appearance of a time warp in the vicinity no one will be here to answer for at least the next century. Please leave a message after the tone and we will respond at least one month prior to your call. Thank you and have a nice day.
asterisk-extra-sounds-en-wav-current/tone_time.mp3	en	"At the tone, the time will be: "
asterisk-extra-sounds-en-wav-current/transfer_to_agent.mp3	en	I think I should transfer you to an agent.  Hold on.
asterisk-extra-sounds-en-wav-current/unicorn_blood_MIXDOWN.mp3	en	Asterisk is an open source full featured PBX and IVR platform that runs on the Linux operating system and a little bit of unicorn blood.  For more information visit Asterisk.org.
asterisk-extra-sounds-en-wav-current/unicorn_blood.mp3	en	Asterisk is an open source full featured PBX and IVR platform that runs on the Linux operating system and a little bit of unicorn blood.  For more information visit Asterisk.org.
asterisk-extra-sounds-en-wav-current/unwelcomecall.mp3	en	Your call is not welcome.
asterisk-extra-sounds-en-wav-current/watson.mp3	en	I'm sorry, the person you've reached is not named Watson. We would be glad to come to your assistance but have to pick up the kids at soccer practice first. We will return your call as soon as possible.
asterisk-extra-sounds-en-wav-current/whoareyou.mp3	en	May I ask who's calling?
asterisk-extra-sounds-en-wav-current/wish_command_totally.mp3	en	Um. Would you mind if I showed you how we do it in Canada?
asterisk-extra-sounds-en-wav-current/woo_hoo_call_first.mp3	en	Woohoo! Your call is now first in line and will be answered by the next available representative.
asterisk-extra-sounds-en-wav-current/you_say_yes.mp3	en	Ray, when somebody asks you if you're a god, you say YES!
asterisk-extra-sounds-en-wav-current/yourcallisimportant.mp3	en	You call is important to us. That's why you'll be hearing the same 10 second loop for the next half hour at a charge of 12 cents per minute
asterisk-extra-sounds-en-wav-current/yourcallisimpotent.mp3	en	Your call is impotent to us.
asterisk-extra-sounds-en-wav-current/zombies.mp3	en	Due to the presence of zombies at the location you have dialed the office has been evacuated. Please leave a message and we will return your call as soon as possible, unless of course the Apocalypse occurs first. In this event we'll likely have other priorities.
asterisk-extra-sounds-en-wav-current/pls-listen-options-changed.mp3	en	Please listen carefully as the menu options have changed.
asterisk-core-sounds-en_GB-wav-current/agent-alreadyon.mp3	en_GB	That agent is already logged on.  Please enter your agent number followed by the pound key.
asterisk-core-sounds-en_GB-wav-current/agent-incorrect.mp3	en_GB	Login incorrect.  Please enter your agent number followed by the pound key.
asterisk-core-sounds-en_GB-wav-current/agent-loggedoff.mp3	en_GB	Agent Logged off.
asterisk-core-sounds-en_GB-wav-current/agent-loginok.mp3	en_GB	Agent logged in.
asterisk-core-sounds-en_GB-wav-current/agent-newlocation.mp3	en_GB	Please enter a new extension, followed by pound.
asterisk-core-sounds-en_GB-wav-current/agent-pass.mp3	en_GB	Please enter your password followed by the pound key.
asterisk-core-sounds-en_GB-wav-current/agent-user.mp3	en_GB	Agent login.  Please enter your agent number followed by the pound key.
asterisk-core-sounds-en_GB-wav-current/all-circuits-busy-now.mp3	en_GB	All circuits are busy now
asterisk-core-sounds-en_GB-wav-current/astcc-followed-by-the-pound-key.mp3	en_GB	Followed by pound.
asterisk-core-sounds-en_GB-wav-current/at-tone-time-exactly.mp3	en_GB	At the sound of the tone, the time will be exactly
asterisk-core-sounds-en_GB-wav-current/auth-incorrect.mp3	en_GB	Password incorrect.  Please enter your password followed by the pound key.
asterisk-core-sounds-en_GB-wav-current/auth-thankyou.mp3	en_GB	Thank you.
asterisk-core-sounds-en_GB-wav-current/call-fwd-no-ans.mp3	en_GB	Call-Forward on No Answer
asterisk-core-sounds-en_GB-wav-current/call-fwd-on-busy.mp3	en_GB	Call-Forward on Busy
asterisk-core-sounds-en_GB-wav-current/call-fwd-unconditional.mp3	en_GB	Call-Forward Unconditional
asterisk-core-sounds-en_GB-wav-current/call-waiting.mp3	en_GB	call waiting
asterisk-core-sounds-en_GB-wav-current/cannot-complete-as-dialed.mp3	en_GB	Your call cannot be completed as dialed.
asterisk-core-sounds-en_GB-wav-current/check-number-dial-again.mp3	en_GB	Please check the number and dial again.
asterisk-core-sounds-en_GB-wav-current/conf-adminmenu-162.mp3	en_GB	Please press 1 to mute or unmute yourself, 2 to lock or unlock the conference, 3 to eject the last user, 4 or 6 to decrease or increase the conference volume, 5 to extend the conference, 7 or 9 to decrease or increase your volume, or 8 to exit.
asterisk-core-sounds-en_GB-wav-current/conf-adminmenu-18.mp3	en_GB	Please press 1 to mute or unmute yourself, 2 to lock or unlock the conference, 3 to eject the last user, 4 or 6 to decrease or increase the conference volume, 5 to extend the conference, 7 or 9 to decrease or increase your volume, or 8 for more options.
asterisk-core-sounds-en_GB-wav-current/conf-adminmenu-menu8.mp3	en_GB	Press 1 to list users currently in the conference, 2 to kick all non-administrator users, 3 to mute or umute all non-administrator users, 4 to record this conference, or 8 to exit this menu and return to the conference.
asterisk-core-sounds-en_GB-wav-current/conf-adminmenu.mp3	en_GB	Please press 1 to mute or unmute yourself, 2 to lock or unlock the conference, 3 to eject the last user, 4 or 6 to decrease or increase the conference volume, 7 or 9 to decrease or increase your volume, or 8 to exit.
asterisk-core-sounds-en_GB-wav-current/conf-enteringno.mp3	en_GB	You are entering conference number
asterisk-core-sounds-en_GB-wav-current/conf-errormenu.mp3	en_GB	Invalid Choice
asterisk-core-sounds-en_GB-wav-current/conf-extended.mp3	en_GB	The conference has been extended.
asterisk-core-sounds-en_GB-wav-current/conf-full.mp3	en_GB	That conference is full.
asterisk-core-sounds-en_GB-wav-current/conf-getchannel.mp3	en_GB	Please enter the channel number followed by the pound key.
asterisk-core-sounds-en_GB-wav-current/conf-getconfno.mp3	en_GB	Please enter your conference number followed by the pound key.
asterisk-core-sounds-en_GB-wav-current/conf-getpin.mp3	en_GB	Please enter the conference pin number.
asterisk-core-sounds-en_GB-wav-current/conf-hasjoin.mp3	en_GB	is now in the conference.
asterisk-core-sounds-en_GB-wav-current/conf-hasleft.mp3	en_GB	has left the conference.
asterisk-core-sounds-en_GB-wav-current/conf-invalid.mp3	en_GB	That is not a valid conference number.  Please try again.
asterisk-core-sounds-en_GB-wav-current/conf-invalidpin.mp3	en_GB	That pin is invalid for this conference.
asterisk-core-sounds-en_GB-wav-current/conf-kicked.mp3	en_GB	You have been kicked from this conference
asterisk-core-sounds-en_GB-wav-current/conf-leaderhasleft.mp3	en_GB	The leader has left the conference.
asterisk-core-sounds-en_GB-wav-current/conf-locked.mp3	en_GB	This conference is locked!
asterisk-core-sounds-en_GB-wav-current/conf-lockednow.mp3	en_GB	The conference is now locked
asterisk-core-sounds-en_GB-wav-current/conf-muted.mp3	en_GB	You are now muted
asterisk-core-sounds-en_GB-wav-current/conf-noempty.mp3	en_GB	No empty conferences currently exist.
asterisk-core-sounds-en_GB-wav-current/conf-nonextended.mp3	en_GB	The conference cannot be extended.
asterisk-core-sounds-en_GB-wav-current/conf-now-muted.mp3	en_GB	The conference is now muted.
asterisk-core-sounds-en_GB-wav-current/conf-now-recording.mp3	en_GB	The conference is now being recorded.
asterisk-core-sounds-en_GB-wav-current/conf-now-unmuted.mp3	en_GB	The conference is now unmuted.
asterisk-core-sounds-en_GB-wav-current/conf-onlyone.mp3	en_GB	There is currently one other participant in the conference.
asterisk-core-sounds-en_GB-wav-current/conf-onlyperson.mp3	en_GB	You are currently the only person in this conference.
asterisk-core-sounds-en_GB-wav-current/conf-otherinparty.mp3	en_GB	other participants in the conference
asterisk-core-sounds-en_GB-wav-current/conf-placeintoconf.mp3	en_GB	You will now be placed into the conference.
asterisk-core-sounds-en_GB-wav-current/conf-roll-callcomplete.mp3	en_GB	Playback of the list of people attending is complete.
asterisk-core-sounds-en_GB-wav-current/conf-unlockednow.mp3	en_GB	The conference is now unlocked
asterisk-core-sounds-en_GB-wav-current/conf-unmuted.mp3	en_GB	You are now unmuted
asterisk-core-sounds-en_GB-wav-current/conf-usermenu-162.mp3	en_GB	Please press 1 to mute or unmute yourself, 4 or 6 to decrease or increase the conference volume, 5 to extend the conference, 7 or 9 to decrease or increase your volume, or 8 to exit this menu and return to the conference.
asterisk-core-sounds-en_GB-wav-current/conf-usermenu.mp3	en_GB	Please press 1 to mute or unmute yourself, 4 or 6 to decrease or increase the conference volume, 7 or 9 to decrease or increase your volume, or 8 to exit.
asterisk-core-sounds-en_GB-wav-current/conf-userswilljoin.mp3	en_GB	users will join the conference.
asterisk-core-sounds-en_GB-wav-current/conf-userwilljoin.mp3	en_GB	user will join the conference.
asterisk-core-sounds-en_GB-wav-current/conf-waitforleader.mp3	en_GB	The conference will begin when the leader arrives.
asterisk-core-sounds-en_GB-wav-current/confbridge-begin-glorious-a.mp3	en_GB	the conference will begin when our glorious leader arrives
asterisk-core-sounds-en_GB-wav-current/confbridge-begin-glorious-b.mp3	en_GB	the conference will begin when our glorious leader arrives
asterisk-core-sounds-en_GB-wav-current/confbridge-begin-glorious-c.mp3	en_GB	the conference will begin when our glorious leader arrives
asterisk-core-sounds-en_GB-wav-current/confbridge-begin-leader.mp3	en_GB	the conference will begin when the leader arrives
asterisk-core-sounds-en_GB-wav-current/confbridge-binaural-off.mp3	en_GB	3D audio disabled
asterisk-core-sounds-en_GB-wav-current/confbridge-binaural-on.mp3	en_GB	3D audio enabled
asterisk-core-sounds-en_GB-wav-current/confbridge-conf-begin.mp3	en_GB	the conference will now begin
asterisk-core-sounds-en_GB-wav-current/confbridge-conf-end.mp3	en_GB	the conference has ended
asterisk-core-sounds-en_GB-wav-current/confbridge-dec-list-vol-in.mp3	en_GB	To decrease the audio volume from other participants...
asterisk-core-sounds-en_GB-wav-current/confbridge-dec-list-vol-out.mp3	en_GB	...to decrease the audio volume from other participants.
asterisk-core-sounds-en_GB-wav-current/confbridge-dec-talk-vol-in.mp3	en_GB	To decrease your speaking volume to other participants...
asterisk-core-sounds-en_GB-wav-current/confbridge-dec-talk-vol-out.mp3	en_GB	...to decrease your speaking volume to other participants.
asterisk-core-sounds-en_GB-wav-current/confbridge-has-joined.mp3	en_GB	...has joined the conference.
asterisk-core-sounds-en_GB-wav-current/confbridge-has-left.mp3	en_GB	...has left the conference.
asterisk-core-sounds-en_GB-wav-current/confbridge-inc-list-vol-in.mp3	en_GB	To increase the audio volume from other participants...
asterisk-core-sounds-en_GB-wav-current/confbridge-inc-list-vol-out.mp3	en_GB	...to increase the audio volume from other participants.
asterisk-core-sounds-en_GB-wav-current/confbridge-inc-talk-vol-in.mp3	en_GB	To increase your speaking volume to other participants...
asterisk-core-sounds-en_GB-wav-current/confbridge-inc-talk-vol-out.mp3	en_GB	...to increase your speaking volume to other participants.
asterisk-core-sounds-en_GB-wav-current/confbridge-invalid.mp3	en_GB	You have entered an invalid option.
asterisk-core-sounds-en_GB-wav-current/confbridge-join.mp3	en_GB	<beep ascending>
asterisk-core-sounds-en_GB-wav-current/confbridge-leave-in.mp3	en_GB	To leave the conference...
asterisk-core-sounds-en_GB-wav-current/confbridge-leave-out.mp3	en_GB	...to leave the conference.
asterisk-core-sounds-en_GB-wav-current/confbridge-leave.mp3	en_GB	<beep decending>
asterisk-core-sounds-en_GB-wav-current/confbridge-lock-extended.mp3	en_GB	...to lock, or unlock the conference. When a conference is locked only conference administrators can join.
asterisk-core-sounds-en_GB-wav-current/confbridge-lock-in.mp3	en_GB	To lock, or unlock the conference...
asterisk-core-sounds-en_GB-wav-current/confbridge-lock-no-join.mp3	en_GB	The conference is currently locked and cannot be joined.
asterisk-core-sounds-en_GB-wav-current/confbridge-lock-out.mp3	en_GB	...to lock, or unlock the conference.
asterisk-core-sounds-en_GB-wav-current/confbridge-locked.mp3	en_GB	The conference is now locked.
asterisk-core-sounds-en_GB-wav-current/confbridge-menu-exit-out.mp3	en_GB	...to exit the menu.
asterisk-core-sounds-en_GB-wav-current/confbridge-mute-extended.mp3	en_GB	...to mute, or unmute yourself. When you are muted you can not send audio to other participants. However you will still hear audio from other unmuted participants.
asterisk-core-sounds-en_GB-wav-current/confbridge-mute-in.mp3	en_GB	To mute or unmute yourself...
asterisk-core-sounds-en_GB-wav-current/confbridge-mute-out.mp3	en_GB	...to mute or unmute yourself.
asterisk-core-sounds-en_GB-wav-current/confbridge-muted.mp3	en_GB	You are now muted.
asterisk-core-sounds-en_GB-wav-current/confbridge-only-one.mp3	en_GB	There is currently one other participant in the conference.
asterisk-core-sounds-en_GB-wav-current/confbridge-only-participant.mp3	en_GB	You are currently the only participant in the conference.
asterisk-core-sounds-en_GB-wav-current/confbridge-participants.mp3	en_GB	...participants in the conference.
asterisk-core-sounds-en_GB-wav-current/confbridge-pin-bad.mp3	en_GB	You have entered too many invalid personal identification numbers.
asterisk-core-sounds-en_GB-wav-current/confbridge-pin.mp3	en_GB	Please enter your personal identification number followed by the pound, or hash key.
asterisk-core-sounds-en_GB-wav-current/confbridge-remove-last-in.mp3	en_GB	To remove the participant who most recently joined the conference...
asterisk-core-sounds-en_GB-wav-current/confbridge-remove-last-out.mp3	en_GB	...to remove the participant who most recently joined the conference.
asterisk-core-sounds-en_GB-wav-current/confbridge-removed.mp3	en_GB	You have been removed from the conference.
asterisk-core-sounds-en_GB-wav-current/confbridge-rest-list-vol-in.mp3	en_GB	To reset the audio volume of the conference to the default level...
asterisk-core-sounds-en_GB-wav-current/confbridge-rest-list-vol-out.mp3	en_GB	...to reset the audio volume of the conference to the default level.
asterisk-core-sounds-en_GB-wav-current/confbridge-rest-talk-vol-in.mp3	en_GB	To reset your speaking volume to the default level...
asterisk-core-sounds-en_GB-wav-current/confbridge-rest-talk-vol-out.mp3	en_GB	...to reset your speaking volume to the default level.
asterisk-core-sounds-en_GB-wav-current/confbridge-unlocked.mp3	en_GB	The conference is now unlocked.
asterisk-core-sounds-en_GB-wav-current/confbridge-unmuted.mp3	en_GB	You are no longer muted.
asterisk-core-sounds-en_GB-wav-current/demo-abouttotry.mp3	en_GB	I am about to attempt an Inter-Asterisk Exchange connection to a demonstration server located at Digium.  In order for this to work you must already be connected to the Internet.  Please wait a moment while I attempt to make the connection.
asterisk-core-sounds-en_GB-wav-current/demo-congrats.mp3	en_GB	Congratulations.  You have successfully installed and executed the Asterisk open source PBX.  You have also installed a set of sample sounds and configuration files that should help you to get started.  Like a normal PBX you will navigate this demonstration by dialing digits.  If you are using a console channel driver instead of a real phone you can use the dial, answer, and hang up commands to simulate the actions of a standard telephone.
asterisk-core-sounds-en_GB-wav-current/demo-echodone.mp3	en_GB	The echo test has been completed.
asterisk-core-sounds-en_GB-wav-current/demo-echotest.mp3	en_GB	You are about to enter an echo test.  In this mode everything you say will be repeated back to you just as soon as it is received.  The purpose of this test is to give you an audible sense of the latency between you and the machine that is running the echo test application.  You may end the test by hanging up or by pressing the pound key.
asterisk-core-sounds-en_GB-wav-current/demo-enterkeywords.mp3	en_GB	Please enter one or more keywords separated by * and then press the pound key.
asterisk-core-sounds-en_GB-wav-current/demo-instruct.mp3	en_GB	If you would like to learn more technical information about Asterisk dial 2 now.  If you'd like to test out the voice over IP capabilities of Asterisk you can dial 500 to attempt an Inter-Asterisk Exchange or IAX connection to a demonstration server at Digium.  In order for this test to work you will need to be connected to the Internet and have at least a 28.8 kilobit modem.  To execute an echo test dial 600.  This test is most useful when you have connected to this Asterisk server from a remote location.  The sample configuration also has a single user with extension 1234 and password 4242.  That user is configured to ring the console when their extension is dialed.  If you dial 1234 you can try to ring the console.  If the console is busy or unavailable you will be given the option to leave voicemail.  To check voice mail for the user dial extension 8500 to enter the voicemail system.  Finally,  you can press the pound key to disconnect from the PBX.
asterisk-core-sounds-en_GB-wav-current/demo-moreinfo.mp3	en_GB	Asterisk is an Open Source full-featured PBX and IVR platform that runs on the linux operating system.  For more information, visit www.asterisk.org.
asterisk-core-sounds-en_GB-wav-current/demo-nogo.mp3	en_GB	I am afraid I was unable to create a connection to the Digium demonstration Asterisk server.  You may find some helpful debugging information on the Asterisk console.
asterisk-core-sounds-en_GB-wav-current/demo-nomatch.mp3	en_GB	I'm sorry there are no matches for those keywords
asterisk-core-sounds-en_GB-wav-current/demo-thanks.mp3	en_GB	Goodbye.  Thank you for trying out the Asterisk Open Source PBX.
asterisk-core-sounds-en_GB-wav-current/both_help.mp3	en_GB	press * to toggle pause, press # to enter a new dictation filename
asterisk-core-sounds-en_GB-wav-current/enter_filename.mp3	en_GB	Enter a numeric dictation filename followed by # or just # to exit
asterisk-core-sounds-en_GB-wav-current/forhelp.mp3	en_GB	press 0 for help
asterisk-core-sounds-en_GB-wav-current/play_help.mp3	en_GB	press 1 to switch to record mode, press 2 to toggle fast playback, press 7 to jump backwards, press 8 to jump forwards
asterisk-core-sounds-en_GB-wav-current/record_help.mp3	en_GB	press 1 to switch to playback mode, press 8 to truncate the file and start over
asterisk-core-sounds-en_GB-wav-current/truncating_audio.mp3	en_GB	truncating audio
asterisk-core-sounds-en_GB-wav-current/13.mp3	en_GB	thirteen
asterisk-core-sounds-en_GB-wav-current/dir-first.mp3	en_GB	letters of your party's first name.
asterisk-core-sounds-en_GB-wav-current/dir-firstlast.mp3	en_GB	... letters of your party's first or last name.
asterisk-core-sounds-en_GB-wav-current/dir-instr.mp3	en_GB	If this is the person you are looking for press 1 now, otherwise please press star now.
asterisk-core-sounds-en_GB-wav-current/dir-intro-fn.mp3	en_GB	Welcome to the directory.  Please enter the first three letters of your party's first name using your touch tone keypad.  Use the 7 key for Q and the 9 key for Z.
asterisk-core-sounds-en_GB-wav-current/dir-intro.mp3	en_GB	Welcome to the directory.  Please enter the first three letters of your party's last name using your touch tone keypad.  Use the 7 key for Q and the 9 key for Z.
asterisk-core-sounds-en_GB-wav-current/dir-last.mp3	en_GB	... letters of your party's last name.
asterisk-core-sounds-en_GB-wav-current/dir-multi9.mp3	en_GB	Press 9 for more entries.
asterisk-core-sounds-en_GB-wav-current/dir-nomatch.mp3	en_GB	No directory entries match your search.
asterisk-core-sounds-en_GB-wav-current/dir-nomore.mp3	en_GB	There are no more compatible entries in the directory.
asterisk-core-sounds-en_GB-wav-current/dir-pls-enter.mp3	en_GB	Please enter the first ...
asterisk-core-sounds-en_GB-wav-current/dir-usingkeypad.mp3	en_GB	... using your touchtone keypad.  Use the 7 key for Q, and the 9 key for Z.
asterisk-core-sounds-en_GB-wav-current/dir-welcome.mp3	en_GB	Welcome to the directory
asterisk-core-sounds-en_GB-wav-current/enter-num-blacklist.mp3	en_GB	Please enter the number to be blacklisted.
asterisk-core-sounds-en_GB-wav-current/entr-num-rmv-blklist.mp3	en_GB	Please enter the number to be removed from the blacklist.
asterisk-core-sounds-en_GB-wav-current/feature-not-avail-line.mp3	en_GB	That feature is not available on this line
asterisk-core-sounds-en_GB-wav-current/call-from.mp3	en_GB	incoming call from
asterisk-core-sounds-en_GB-wav-current/no-recording.mp3	en_GB	you have an incoming call
asterisk-core-sounds-en_GB-wav-current/options.mp3	en_GB	press 1 to accept this call, or 2 to reject it
asterisk-core-sounds-en_GB-wav-current/pls-hold-while-try.mp3	en_GB	please hold while I try to locate the person you are calling
asterisk-core-sounds-en_GB-wav-current/sorry.mp3	en_GB	I'm sorry, but I was unable to locate the person you are calling
asterisk-core-sounds-en_GB-wav-current/status.mp3	en_GB	the person you are calling is not at their desk; I will try to locate them for you
asterisk-core-sounds-en_GB-wav-current/from-unknown-caller.mp3	en_GB	from an unknown caller
asterisk-core-sounds-en_GB-wav-current/hello-world.mp3	en_GB	Hello world.
asterisk-core-sounds-en_GB-wav-current/if-correct-press.mp3	en_GB	If this is correct, press...
asterisk-core-sounds-en_GB-wav-current/info-about-last-call.mp3	en_GB	Information about your last call
asterisk-core-sounds-en_GB-wav-current/invalid.mp3	en_GB	I am sorry, that's not a valid extension.  Please try again.
asterisk-core-sounds-en_GB-wav-current/ascii40.mp3	en_GB	open parenthesis
asterisk-core-sounds-en_GB-wav-current/ascii41.mp3	en_GB	close parenthesis
asterisk-core-sounds-en_GB-wav-current/exclaimation-point.mp3	en_GB	exclaimation-point [!]
asterisk-core-sounds-en_GB-wav-current/num-was-successfully.mp3	en_GB	The number was successfully...
asterisk-core-sounds-en_GB-wav-current/number-not-answering.mp3	en_GB	The number is not answering.
asterisk-core-sounds-en_GB-wav-current/pbx-invalid.mp3	en_GB	I am sorry, that's not a valid extension.  Please try again.
asterisk-core-sounds-en_GB-wav-current/pbx-invalidpark.mp3	en_GB	I am sorry, there is no call parked on that extension.  Please try again.
asterisk-core-sounds-en_GB-wav-current/pbx-parkingfailed.mp3	en_GB	Parking attempt failed.
asterisk-core-sounds-en_GB-wav-current/pbx-transfer.mp3	en_GB	Transfer.
asterisk-core-sounds-en_GB-wav-current/please-try-call-later.mp3	en_GB	Please try your call again later.
asterisk-core-sounds-en_GB-wav-current/pls-hold-while-try.mp3	en_GB	Please hold while we try to connect you.
asterisk-core-sounds-en_GB-wav-current/pm-invalid-option.mp3	en_GB	That option is invalid. Please try again.
asterisk-core-sounds-en_GB-wav-current/priv-callee-options.mp3	en_GB	Dial 1 if you wish this caller to reach you directly now, and in the future.  Dial 2 if you wish to send this caller to voicemail now and forevermore.  Dial 3 to send this caller to the torture menus, now and forevermore.  Dial 4 to send this caller to a polite "don't call" menu, now and forevermore.  Dial 5 to allow this caller to come straight thru to you in the future, but just this once, send them to voicemail.
asterisk-core-sounds-en_GB-wav-current/priv-callpending.mp3	en_GB	I have a caller waiting, who introduces themselves as:
asterisk-core-sounds-en_GB-wav-current/priv-introsaved.mp3	en_GB	Thank you. Please hold, while I attempt to connect you with your party!
asterisk-core-sounds-en_GB-wav-current/priv-recordintro.mp3	en_GB	At the tone, please say your name.
asterisk-core-sounds-en_GB-wav-current/privacy-incorrect.mp3	en_GB	I'm sorry, that number is not valid.
asterisk-core-sounds-en_GB-wav-current/privacy-prompt.mp3	en_GB	Please enter your phone number, starting with the area code.
asterisk-core-sounds-en_GB-wav-current/privacy-to-blacklist-last-caller.mp3	en_GB	The last caller was...
asterisk-core-sounds-en_GB-wav-current/privacy-unident.mp3	en_GB	The party you are trying to reach does not accept unidentified calls.
asterisk-core-sounds-en_GB-wav-current/queue-callswaiting.mp3	en_GB	Waiting to speak with a representative
asterisk-core-sounds-en_GB-wav-current/queue-holdtime.mp3	en_GB	The estimated hold time is currently
asterisk-core-sounds-en_GB-wav-current/queue-periodic-announce.mp3	en_GB	All of our represenatives are currently busy. Please stay on the line and your call will be answered by the next available representative.
asterisk-core-sounds-en_GB-wav-current/queue-quantity1.mp3	en_GB	Currently, there are more than ...
asterisk-core-sounds-en_GB-wav-current/queue-quantity2.mp3	en_GB	... callers waiting to speak with a representative.
asterisk-core-sounds-en_GB-wav-current/queue-thankyou.mp3	en_GB	Thank you for your patience
asterisk-core-sounds-en_GB-wav-current/queue-thereare.mp3	en_GB	You are currently caller number
asterisk-core-sounds-en_GB-wav-current/queue-youarenext.mp3	en_GB	Your call is now first in line and will be answered by the next available representative.
asterisk-core-sounds-en_GB-wav-current/screen-callee-options.mp3	en_GB	You have these options: Dial 1 if you wish to immediately connect to the incoming call.  Dial 2 if you wish to send this caller to voicemail.  Dial 3 to send this caller to the torture menus.  Dial 4 to send this caller to a polite "don't call" menu.
asterisk-core-sounds-en_GB-wav-current/10.mp3	en_GB	(10 seconds of silence)
asterisk-core-sounds-en_GB-wav-current/2.mp3	en_GB	(2 seconds of silence)
asterisk-core-sounds-en_GB-wav-current/3.mp3	en_GB	(3 seconds of silence)
asterisk-core-sounds-en_GB-wav-current/4.mp3	en_GB	(4 seconds of silence)
asterisk-core-sounds-en_GB-wav-current/5.mp3	en_GB	(5 seconds of silence)
asterisk-core-sounds-en_GB-wav-current/6.mp3	en_GB	(6 seconds of silence)
asterisk-core-sounds-en_GB-wav-current/7.mp3	en_GB	(7 seconds of silence)
asterisk-core-sounds-en_GB-wav-current/8.mp3	en_GB	(8 seconds of silence)
asterisk-core-sounds-en_GB-wav-current/9.mp3	en_GB	(9 seconds of silence)
asterisk-core-sounds-en_GB-wav-current/simul-call-limit-reached.mp3	en_GB	Simultaneous call limit reached
asterisk-core-sounds-en_GB-wav-current/something-terribly-wrong.mp3	en_GB	Something is terribly wrong!
asterisk-core-sounds-en_GB-wav-current/sorry-youre-having-problems.mp3	en_GB	Sorry you're having problems
asterisk-core-sounds-en_GB-wav-current/speed-dial-empty.mp3	en_GB	The speed dial entry you've accessed is empty.
asterisk-core-sounds-en_GB-wav-current/spy-h323.mp3	en_GB	H.323
asterisk-core-sounds-en_GB-wav-current/spy-iax2.mp3	en_GB	IAX (note: does not say "2")
asterisk-core-sounds-en_GB-wav-current/spy-mgcp.mp3	en_GB	MGCP
asterisk-core-sounds-en_GB-wav-current/spy-misdn.mp3	en_GB	M I S D N
asterisk-core-sounds-en_GB-wav-current/spy-mobile.mp3	en_GB	Bluetooth Mobile
asterisk-core-sounds-en_GB-wav-current/spy-nbs.mp3	en_GB	N B S
asterisk-core-sounds-en_GB-wav-current/spy-sip.mp3	en_GB	SIP
asterisk-core-sounds-en_GB-wav-current/spy-unistim.mp3	en_GB	Unistim
asterisk-core-sounds-en_GB-wav-current/spy-usbradio.mp3	en_GB	USB Radio
asterisk-core-sounds-en_GB-wav-current/ss-noservice.mp3	en_GB	The number you have dialed is not in service. Please check the number and try again.
asterisk-core-sounds-en_GB-wav-current/to-call-this-number.mp3	en_GB	to call this number
asterisk-core-sounds-en_GB-wav-current/transfer.mp3	en_GB	Please hold while I try that extension.
asterisk-core-sounds-en_GB-wav-current/tt-allbusy.mp3	en_GB	All representatives of the household are currently assisting other telemarketers.  Please hold and your call will be answered in the order it was received.
asterisk-core-sounds-en_GB-wav-current/tt-monkeys.mp3	en_GB	[sound of monkeys screaming]
asterisk-core-sounds-en_GB-wav-current/tt-monkeysintro.mp3	en_GB	They have been carried away by monkeys
asterisk-core-sounds-en_GB-wav-current/tt-somethingwrong.mp3	en_GB	Something is terribly wrong
asterisk-core-sounds-en_GB-wav-current/tt-weasels.mp3	en_GB	Weasels have eaten our phone system
asterisk-core-sounds-en_GB-wav-current/unidentified-no-callback.mp3	en_GB	un-indentified or witheld and therefore cannot be called back.
asterisk-core-sounds-en_GB-wav-current/vm-advopts.mp3	en_GB	press 3 for advanced options
asterisk-core-sounds-en_GB-wav-current/vm-calldiffnum.mp3	en_GB	press 2 to enter a different number
asterisk-core-sounds-en_GB-wav-current/vm-Cust1.mp3	en_GB	folder 5
asterisk-core-sounds-en_GB-wav-current/vm-Cust2.mp3	en_GB	folder 6
asterisk-core-sounds-en_GB-wav-current/vm-Cust3.mp3	en_GB	folder 7
asterisk-core-sounds-en_GB-wav-current/vm-Cust4.mp3	en_GB	folder 8
asterisk-core-sounds-en_GB-wav-current/vm-Cust5.mp3	en_GB	folder 9
asterisk-core-sounds-en_GB-wav-current/vm-delete.mp3	en_GB	Press 7 to delete this message.
asterisk-core-sounds-en_GB-wav-current/vm-deleted.mp3	en_GB	Message deleted.
asterisk-core-sounds-en_GB-wav-current/vm-dialout.mp3	en_GB	please wait while i connect your call
asterisk-core-sounds-en_GB-wav-current/vm-duration.mp3	en_GB	This message lasts ...
asterisk-core-sounds-en_GB-wav-current/vm-enter-num-to-call.mp3	en_GB	please enter the number you wish to call
asterisk-core-sounds-en_GB-wav-current/vm-Family.mp3	en_GB	family
asterisk-core-sounds-en_GB-wav-current/vm-forward-multiple.mp3	en_GB	press 1 to send this message, or 2 to add another recipient.
asterisk-core-sounds-en_GB-wav-current/vm-forward.mp3	en_GB	Press 1 to enter an extension, press 2 to use the directory
asterisk-core-sounds-en_GB-wav-current/vm-forwardoptions.mp3	en_GB	press 1 to prepend a message or 2 to forward the message without prepending
asterisk-core-sounds-en_GB-wav-current/vm-from-extension.mp3	en_GB	message from extension
asterisk-core-sounds-en_GB-wav-current/vm-from-phonenumber.mp3	en_GB	message from phone number
asterisk-core-sounds-en_GB-wav-current/vm-helpexit.mp3	en_GB	Press star for help or pound to exit.
asterisk-core-sounds-en_GB-wav-current/vm-incorrect-mailbox.mp3	en_GB	Login incorrect.  Mailbox?
asterisk-core-sounds-en_GB-wav-current/vm-instructions.mp3	en_GB	To look into your messages press 1 now.  You may quit voicemail at any time by pressing the pound key.
asterisk-core-sounds-en_GB-wav-current/vm-intro.mp3	en_GB	Please leave your message after the tone.  When done hang up or press the pound key. (simple tone sound plays)
asterisk-core-sounds-en_GB-wav-current/vm-invalid-password.mp3	en_GB	That password does not meet the minimum requirements for this mailbox.  Please try again.
asterisk-core-sounds-en_GB-wav-current/vm-invalidpassword.mp3	en_GB	That is not a valid password.  Please try again.
asterisk-core-sounds-en_GB-wav-current/vm-leavemsg.mp3	en_GB	Press 5 to leave a message
asterisk-core-sounds-en_GB-wav-current/vm-login.mp3	en_GB	Comedian Mail.  Mailbox?
asterisk-core-sounds-en_GB-wav-current/vm-mailboxfull.mp3	en_GB	sorry but the user's mail box can't accept more messages
asterisk-core-sounds-en_GB-wav-current/vm-marked-nonurgent.mp3	en_GB	Urgent status removed.
asterisk-core-sounds-en_GB-wav-current/vm-marked-urgent.mp3	en_GB	Message marked urgent.
asterisk-core-sounds-en_GB-wav-current/vm-mismatch.mp3	en_GB	The passwords you entered and re-entered did not match.  Please try again.
asterisk-core-sounds-en_GB-wav-current/vm-msgforwarded.mp3	en_GB	Your message has been successfully forwarded.
asterisk-core-sounds-en_GB-wav-current/vm-msginstruct.mp3	en_GB	To hear the next message press 6, to repeat this message press 5, to hear the previous message press 4, to delete or undelete this message press zero, to quit voicemail press pound.
asterisk-core-sounds-en_GB-wav-current/vm-msgsaved.mp3	en_GB	Your message has been saved.
asterisk-core-sounds-en_GB-wav-current/vm-newpassword.mp3	en_GB	Please enter your new password followed by the pound key.
asterisk-core-sounds-en_GB-wav-current/vm-newuser.mp3	en_GB	Welcome to Comedian Mail. First, I will guide you through a short setup process.
asterisk-core-sounds-en_GB-wav-current/vm-next.mp3	en_GB	Press 6 to play the next message.
asterisk-core-sounds-en_GB-wav-current/vm-nobodyavail.mp3	en_GB	Nobody is available to take your call at the moment
asterisk-core-sounds-en_GB-wav-current/vm-nobox.mp3	en_GB	you cannot reply to this message because the sender does not have a mailbox
asterisk-core-sounds-en_GB-wav-current/vm-nomore.mp3	en_GB	No more messages.
asterisk-core-sounds-en_GB-wav-current/vm-nonumber.mp3	en_GB	I'm afraid i don't know who sent this message
asterisk-core-sounds-en_GB-wav-current/vm-num-i-have.mp3	en_GB	the number i have is
asterisk-core-sounds-en_GB-wav-current/vm-onefor-full.mp3	en_GB	Press one to listen to ...
asterisk-core-sounds-en_GB-wav-current/vm-onefor.mp3	en_GB	Press 1 for
asterisk-core-sounds-en_GB-wav-current/vm-options.mp3	en_GB	Press 1 to record your unavailable message, press 2 to record your busy message, press 3 to record your name, press 4 to record your temporary greeting, press 5 to change your password, press star to return to the main menu.
asterisk-core-sounds-en_GB-wav-current/vm-opts-full.mp3	en_GB	press 2 to access messages saved in other folders.  Press 3 to record a message for another mailbox.  Press 0 for greetings and password management.
asterisk-core-sounds-en_GB-wav-current/vm-opts.mp3	en_GB	Press 2 to change folders, press 3 for advanced options, press zero for mailbox options.
asterisk-core-sounds-en_GB-wav-current/vm-passchanged.mp3	en_GB	Your passwords have been changed.
asterisk-core-sounds-en_GB-wav-current/vm-pls-try-again.mp3	en_GB	please try again
asterisk-core-sounds-en_GB-wav-current/vm-prev.mp3	en_GB	Press 4 for the previous message
asterisk-core-sounds-en_GB-wav-current/vm-reachoper.mp3	en_GB	press 0 to reach an operator
asterisk-core-sounds-en_GB-wav-current/vm-rec-busy.mp3	en_GB	After the tone say your busy message and then press the pound key.
asterisk-core-sounds-en_GB-wav-current/vm-rec-name.mp3	en_GB	After the tone say your name and then press the pound key.
asterisk-core-sounds-en_GB-wav-current/vm-rec-temp.mp3	en_GB	After the tone, say your temporary message, and then press the pound key.
asterisk-core-sounds-en_GB-wav-current/vm-rec-unv.mp3	en_GB	After the tone say your unavailable message and then press the pound key.
asterisk-core-sounds-en_GB-wav-current/vm-record-prepend.mp3	en_GB	At the tone, please record an introduction to the forwarded message.  When done, press the pound sign.
asterisk-core-sounds-en_GB-wav-current/vm-reenterpassword.mp3	en_GB	Please re-enter your password followed by the pound key.
asterisk-core-sounds-en_GB-wav-current/vm-repeat.mp3	en_GB	Press 5 to repeat the current message.
asterisk-core-sounds-en_GB-wav-current/vm-review-nonurgent.mp3	en_GB	Press 4 to remove the urgent status of this message.
asterisk-core-sounds-en_GB-wav-current/vm-review-urgent.mp3	en_GB	Press 4 to mark this message as urgent.
asterisk-core-sounds-en_GB-wav-current/vm-review.mp3	en_GB	press 1 to accept this recording press 2 to listen to it press 3 to rerecord your message
asterisk-core-sounds-en_GB-wav-current/vm-savefolder.mp3	en_GB	Which folder should I save the message to?
asterisk-core-sounds-en_GB-wav-current/vm-savemessage.mp3	en_GB	or 9 to save this message
asterisk-core-sounds-en_GB-wav-current/vm-saveoper.mp3	en_GB	press 1 to accept this recording, otherwise, please continue to hold
asterisk-core-sounds-en_GB-wav-current/vm-sorry.mp3	en_GB	I'm sorry I did not understand your response.
asterisk-core-sounds-en_GB-wav-current/vm-star-cancel.mp3	en_GB	press star to cancel
asterisk-core-sounds-en_GB-wav-current/vm-starmain.mp3	en_GB	press star to return to the main menu
asterisk-core-sounds-en_GB-wav-current/vm-tempgreetactive.mp3	en_GB	Your temporary greeting is currently active
asterisk-core-sounds-en_GB-wav-current/vm-tempgreeting2.mp3	en_GB	press 1 to record your temporary greeting, or press 2 to erase your temporary greeting
asterisk-core-sounds-en_GB-wav-current/vm-tempgreeting.mp3	en_GB	press 1 to record your temporary greeting
asterisk-core-sounds-en_GB-wav-current/vm-tempremoved.mp3	en_GB	Your temporary greeting has been removed
asterisk-core-sounds-en_GB-wav-current/vm-then-pound.mp3	en_GB	then press pound
asterisk-core-sounds-en_GB-wav-current/vm-theperson.mp3	en_GB	The person at extension
asterisk-core-sounds-en_GB-wav-current/vm-tmpexists.mp3	en_GB	There is a temporary greeting, which overrides your standard greetings.
asterisk-core-sounds-en_GB-wav-current/vm-tocallback.mp3	en_GB	press 2 to call the person who sent this message
asterisk-core-sounds-en_GB-wav-current/vm-tocallnum.mp3	en_GB	press 1 to call this number
asterisk-core-sounds-en_GB-wav-current/vm-tocancel.mp3	en_GB	or pound to cancel.
asterisk-core-sounds-en_GB-wav-current/vm-tocancelmsg.mp3	en_GB	press star to cancel this message
asterisk-core-sounds-en_GB-wav-current/vm-toenternumber.mp3	en_GB	press 1 to enter a number
asterisk-core-sounds-en_GB-wav-current/vm-toforward.mp3	en_GB	Press 8 to forward the message to another user
asterisk-core-sounds-en_GB-wav-current/vm-tohearenv.mp3	en_GB	press 3 to hear the message envelope
asterisk-core-sounds-en_GB-wav-current/vm-tomakecall.mp3	en_GB	press 4 to place an outgoing call
asterisk-core-sounds-en_GB-wav-current/vm-tooshort.mp3	en_GB	your message is too short
asterisk-core-sounds-en_GB-wav-current/vm-toreply.mp3	en_GB	press 1 to send a reply
asterisk-core-sounds-en_GB-wav-current/vm-torerecord.mp3	en_GB	press 3 to rerecord your message
asterisk-core-sounds-en_GB-wav-current/vm-undelete.mp3	en_GB	Press 7 to undelete this message
asterisk-core-sounds-en_GB-wav-current/vm-undeleted.mp3	en_GB	Message undeleted.
asterisk-core-sounds-en_GB-wav-current/vm-unknown-caller.mp3	en_GB	from an unknown caller
asterisk-core-sounds-en_GB-wav-current/vm-whichbox.mp3	en_GB	To leave a message, please enter a mailbox number.
asterisk-extra-sounds-en_GB-wav-current/1-for-am-2-for-pm.mp3	en_GB	Press 1 for A.M, or 2 for P.M.
asterisk-extra-sounds-en_GB-wav-current/1-yes-2-no.mp3	en_GB	Press 1 for yes, or 2 for no.
asterisk-extra-sounds-en_GB-wav-current/10.mp3	en_GB	10 sec silence
asterisk-extra-sounds-en_GB-wav-current/2.mp3	en_GB	2 sec silence
asterisk-extra-sounds-en_GB-wav-current/3.mp3	en_GB	3 sec silence
asterisk-extra-sounds-en_GB-wav-current/4.mp3	en_GB	4 sec silence
asterisk-extra-sounds-en_GB-wav-current/5.mp3	en_GB	5 sec silence
asterisk-extra-sounds-en_GB-wav-current/6.mp3	en_GB	6 sec silence
asterisk-extra-sounds-en_GB-wav-current/7.mp3	en_GB	7 sec silence
asterisk-extra-sounds-en_GB-wav-current/8.mp3	en_GB	8 sec silence
asterisk-extra-sounds-en_GB-wav-current/9.mp3	en_GB	9 sec silence
asterisk-extra-sounds-en_GB-wav-current/T-changed-to.mp3	en_GB	[T] has been changed to [Extension Y]
asterisk-extra-sounds-en_GB-wav-current/T-to-disable-ancmnt.mp3	en_GB	[T] to disable this announcement
asterisk-extra-sounds-en_GB-wav-current/T-to-enable-ancmnt.mp3	en_GB	[T] to enable this announcement
asterisk-extra-sounds-en_GB-wav-current/T-to-hear-cur-ancmnt.mp3	en_GB	[T] to hear the current announcement
asterisk-extra-sounds-en_GB-wav-current/T-to-reach-main-office.mp3	en_GB	[T] to reach the main office
asterisk-extra-sounds-en_GB-wav-current/T-to-rec-ancmnt.mp3	en_GB	[T] to rerecord this announcement
asterisk-extra-sounds-en_GB-wav-current/T-to-rtrn-to-main-menu.mp3	en_GB	[T] to return to the main menu
asterisk-extra-sounds-en_GB-wav-current/a-charge-for-this-svc.mp3	en_GB	A charge for this service
asterisk-extra-sounds-en_GB-wav-current/a-collect-charge-of.mp3	en_GB	A collect charge of
asterisk-extra-sounds-en_GB-wav-current/a-collect-charge.mp3	en_GB	A collect charge
asterisk-extra-sounds-en_GB-wav-current/a-connect-charge-of.mp3	en_GB	A connect charge of
asterisk-extra-sounds-en_GB-wav-current/a-connect-charge.mp3	en_GB	A connect charge
asterisk-extra-sounds-en_GB-wav-current/abandon-all-hope.mp3	en_GB	Abandon all hope, ye who dial here.
asterisk-extra-sounds-en_GB-wav-current/academic-support.mp3	en_GB	Academic Support
asterisk-extra-sounds-en_GB-wav-current/access-granted.mp3	en_GB	access granted
asterisk-extra-sounds-en_GB-wav-current/accessible-through-system.mp3	en_GB	accessible through this system
asterisk-extra-sounds-en_GB-wav-current/account-balance-is.mp3	en_GB	Account balance is
asterisk-extra-sounds-en_GB-wav-current/accounts-payable.mp3	en_GB	Accounts Payable
asterisk-extra-sounds-en_GB-wav-current/accounts-receivable.mp3	en_GB	Accounts Receivable
asterisk-extra-sounds-en_GB-wav-current/advised-to-seek-shelter.mp3	en_GB	are advised to seek shelter immediately
asterisk-extra-sounds-en_GB-wav-current/all-outgoing-lines-unavailable.mp3	en_GB	All outgoing lines are currently unavailable
asterisk-extra-sounds-en_GB-wav-current/all-reps-busy.mp3	en_GB	All of our representatives are currently busy.
asterisk-extra-sounds-en_GB-wav-current/all-your-base.mp3	en_GB	All your base are belong to us.
asterisk-extra-sounds-en_GB-wav-current/an-error-has-occurred.mp3	en_GB	An error has occurred.
asterisk-extra-sounds-en_GB-wav-current/and-prs-pound-whn-finished.mp3	en_GB	And press pound when finished
asterisk-extra-sounds-en_GB-wav-current/are-you-still-there.mp3	en_GB	Are you still there?(Disbelief)
asterisk-extra-sounds-en_GB-wav-current/are-you-still-there2.mp3	en_GB	Are you still there?(Funny)
asterisk-extra-sounds-en_GB-wav-current/astcc-account-balance-is.mp3	en_GB	Your account balance is...
asterisk-extra-sounds-en_GB-wav-current/astcc-account-number-invalid.mp3	en_GB	Your account number is invalid
asterisk-extra-sounds-en_GB-wav-current/astcc-balance-of-account-is.mp3	en_GB	The balance of your account is...
asterisk-extra-sounds-en_GB-wav-current/astcc-card-number-invalid.mp3	en_GB	The card number you have entered is invalid.
asterisk-extra-sounds-en_GB-wav-current/astcc-followed-by-the-hash-key.mp3	en_GB	followed by the hash key.
asterisk-extra-sounds-en_GB-wav-current/astcc-followed-by-the-pound-key.mp3	en_GB	followed by pound.
asterisk-extra-sounds-en_GB-wav-current/astcc-login12pound.mp3	en_GB	Please enter your 12-digit account number, skipping any punctuation, followed by the pound key.
asterisk-extra-sounds-en_GB-wav-current/astcc-please-enter-your.mp3	en_GB	Please enter your...
asterisk-extra-sounds-en_GB-wav-current/astcc-skipping-any-punctuation.mp3	en_GB	skipping any punctuation
asterisk-extra-sounds-en_GB-wav-current/asterisk-friend.mp3	en_GB	Asterisk is your friend.
asterisk-extra-sounds-en_GB-wav-current/at-customers-request.mp3	en_GB	at the customers request
asterisk-extra-sounds-en_GB-wav-current/at-following-number.mp3	en_GB	At the following number
asterisk-extra-sounds-en_GB-wav-current/attention-required.mp3	en_GB	Your attention is required
asterisk-extra-sounds-en_GB-wav-current/avg-speed-answer.mp3	en_GB	average speed of answer
asterisk-extra-sounds-en_GB-wav-current/away-naughty-boy.mp3	en_GB	He's currently away from his phone, the naughty boy.
asterisk-extra-sounds-en_GB-wav-current/away-naughty-girl.mp3	en_GB	She's currently away from her phone, the naughty girl.
asterisk-extra-sounds-en_GB-wav-current/baby-sleeping-mode.mp3	en_GB	baby sleeping mode
asterisk-extra-sounds-en_GB-wav-current/believe-its-free.mp3	en_GB	Can you believe this phone system is free?
asterisk-extra-sounds-en_GB-wav-current/billing-and-collections.mp3	en_GB	Billing and collections
asterisk-extra-sounds-en_GB-wav-current/blue-eyed-polar-bear.mp3	en_GB	Try to spend your time on hold not thinking about a blue-eyed polar bear.
asterisk-extra-sounds-en_GB-wav-current/business-development.mp3	en_GB	Business Development
asterisk-extra-sounds-en_GB-wav-current/busy-hangovers.mp3	en_GB	We're all busy with our hangovers.
asterisk-extra-sounds-en_GB-wav-current/busy-pls-hold.mp3	en_GB	All our lines are currently busy.  Please hold and someone will be with you shortly.
asterisk-extra-sounds-en_GB-wav-current/call-fwd-cancelled.mp3	en_GB	call forward cancelled
asterisk-extra-sounds-en_GB-wav-current/call-fwd-parallel.mp3	en_GB	Call-Forward Parallel
asterisk-extra-sounds-en_GB-wav-current/call-preempted.mp3	en_GB	This call has be preempted
asterisk-extra-sounds-en_GB-wav-current/call-quality-menu.mp3	en_GB	Please rate the quality of the call you just made.  Use the keys one through four to rate the voice quality of the call, with one being the best quality, and four meaning that it was very difficult to understand the other party.  Press five if the call was prematurely disconnected.  Press six if the call was never completed.  Press seven if one direction of the call could not be heard.  Press eight if there were other difficulties.
asterisk-extra-sounds-en_GB-wav-current/call-requres.mp3	en_GB	The call you have made requires a...
asterisk-extra-sounds-en_GB-wav-current/call-terminated.mp3	en_GB	call terminated
asterisk-extra-sounds-en_GB-wav-current/calls-taken-by.mp3	en_GB	calls are being taken by
asterisk-extra-sounds-en_GB-wav-current/calls-waiting-for-rep.mp3	en_GB	calls waiting to speak with a representative
asterisk-extra-sounds-en_GB-wav-current/campground-office.mp3	en_GB	Campground office
asterisk-extra-sounds-en_GB-wav-current/cannot-complete-network-error.mp3	en_GB	Your call cannot be completed due to network error.
asterisk-extra-sounds-en_GB-wav-current/cannot-complete-otherend-error.mp3	en_GB	Your call cannot be completed due to an error at the receiving telephone company.
asterisk-extra-sounds-en_GB-wav-current/cannot-complete-temp-error.mp3	en_GB	Your call cannot be completed due to a temporary error
asterisk-extra-sounds-en_GB-wav-current/card-balance-is.mp3	en_GB	card balance is
asterisk-extra-sounds-en_GB-wav-current/card-is-invalid.mp3	en_GB	card is invalid
asterisk-extra-sounds-en_GB-wav-current/carried-away-by-monkeys.mp3	en_GB	Nobody is available to take your call at the moment.  They have been carried away by monkeys.
asterisk-extra-sounds-en_GB-wav-current/ceo-office.mp3	en_GB	CEO's office
asterisk-extra-sounds-en_GB-wav-current/channel-insecure-warn.mp3	en_GB	This voice path is insecure - do not discuss classified information or use project codewords.
asterisk-extra-sounds-en_GB-wav-current/channel-secure.mp3	en_GB	This voice path is secure.
asterisk-extra-sounds-en_GB-wav-current/clli.mp3	en_GB	CLLI
asterisk-extra-sounds-en_GB-wav-current/close-parenthesis.mp3	en_GB	close parenthesis
asterisk-extra-sounds-en_GB-wav-current/colorado-springs.mp3	en_GB	Colorado Springs
asterisk-extra-sounds-en_GB-wav-current/company-dir-411.mp3	en_GB	To access our company directory, dial 411 or dial zero to leave a message in our general mailbox.
asterisk-extra-sounds-en_GB-wav-current/computer-friend1.mp3	en_GB	The computer is your friend.
asterisk-extra-sounds-en_GB-wav-current/computer-friend2.mp3	en_GB	The computer is your friend.
asterisk-extra-sounds-en_GB-wav-current/conf-banned.mp3	en_GB	You have been banned from this conference.
asterisk-extra-sounds-en_GB-wav-current/conf-hasentered.mp3	en_GB	has entered the conference
asterisk-extra-sounds-en_GB-wav-current/conf-onlypersonleft.mp3	en_GB	You are now the only person left in this conference.
asterisk-extra-sounds-en_GB-wav-current/conf-peopleinconf.mp3	en_GB	people in this conference
asterisk-extra-sounds-en_GB-wav-current/conf-sysopreq.mp3	en_GB	System operator requested.
asterisk-extra-sounds-en_GB-wav-current/conf-sysopreqcancelled.mp3	en_GB	System operator request cancelled.
asterisk-extra-sounds-en_GB-wav-current/conf-youareinconfnum.mp3	en_GB	You are in conference number...
asterisk-extra-sounds-en_GB-wav-current/conference-call.mp3	en_GB	conference call
asterisk-extra-sounds-en_GB-wav-current/conference-reservations.mp3	en_GB	Conference Reservations
asterisk-extra-sounds-en_GB-wav-current/confirm-number-is.mp3	en_GB	Your confirmation number is
asterisk-extra-sounds-en_GB-wav-current/connection-failed.mp3	en_GB	Connection failed.
asterisk-extra-sounds-en_GB-wav-current/connection-timed-out.mp3	en_GB	Connection timed out.
asterisk-extra-sounds-en_GB-wav-current/continue-english-press.mp3	en_GB	To continue in english, press
asterisk-extra-sounds-en_GB-wav-current/could-lose-a-few-pounds.mp3	en_GB	you could lose a few pounds
asterisk-extra-sounds-en_GB-wav-current/counseling-services.mp3	en_GB	Counseling services
asterisk-extra-sounds-en_GB-wav-current/current-time-is.mp3	en_GB	The current time is
asterisk-extra-sounds-en_GB-wav-current/customer-accounts.mp3	en_GB	customer accounts
asterisk-extra-sounds-en_GB-wav-current/customer-relations.mp3	en_GB	customer relations
asterisk-extra-sounds-en_GB-wav-current/default-attendant.mp3	en_GB	default attendant
asterisk-extra-sounds-en_GB-wav-current/denial-of-service.mp3	en_GB	Denial of service
asterisk-extra-sounds-en_GB-wav-current/department-administrator.mp3	en_GB	Department administrator
asterisk-extra-sounds-en_GB-wav-current/dial-here-often.mp3	en_GB	So, do you dial here often?
asterisk-extra-sounds-en_GB-wav-current/directory-assistance.mp3	en_GB	directory assistance
asterisk-extra-sounds-en_GB-wav-current/discon-or-out-of-service.mp3	en_GB	The number you have dialed has been disconnected or is no longer in service.  Please check the number, and try your call again.
asterisk-extra-sounds-en_GB-wav-current/dns.mp3	en_GB	DNS
asterisk-extra-sounds-en_GB-wav-current/doing-enum-lookup.mp3	en_GB	Doing an e-num lookup
asterisk-extra-sounds-en_GB-wav-current/dont-know-who-sent.mp3	en_GB	I'm afraid I don't know who sent this message
asterisk-extra-sounds-en_GB-wav-current/driving-directions.mp3	en_GB	for driving directions to our location, press
asterisk-extra-sounds-en_GB-wav-current/echo-test.mp3	en_GB	You will now hear your own voice in an echo test.
asterisk-extra-sounds-en_GB-wav-current/ent-target-attendant.mp3	en_GB	please enter the number of the extension to use for your target attendant
asterisk-extra-sounds-en_GB-wav-current/enter-a-time.mp3	en_GB	Enter a time using 4 digits.  Start with a zero for hours less than ten.
asterisk-extra-sounds-en_GB-wav-current/enter-conf-call-number.mp3	en_GB	Please enter the conference call number for the conference you wish to join.
asterisk-extra-sounds-en_GB-wav-current/enter-conf-pin-number.mp3	en_GB	Please enter the conference pin number.
asterisk-extra-sounds-en_GB-wav-current/enter-ext-of-person.mp3	en_GB	enter the extension of the person you are trying to reach
asterisk-extra-sounds-en_GB-wav-current/enter-password.mp3	en_GB	Please enter your password, followed by the pound key.
asterisk-extra-sounds-en_GB-wav-current/enter-phone-number10.mp3	en_GB	Please enter your ten-digit telephone number, area code first.
asterisk-extra-sounds-en_GB-wav-current/entering-conf-number.mp3	en_GB	You are entering conference number
asterisk-extra-sounds-en_GB-wav-current/enum-lookup-failed.mp3	en_GB	e-num lookup failed
asterisk-extra-sounds-en_GB-wav-current/enum-lookup-successful.mp3	en_GB	e-num lookup successful
asterisk-extra-sounds-en_GB-wav-current/est-hold-time-is.mp3	en_GB	the estimated hold time is currently
asterisk-extra-sounds-en_GB-wav-current/ext-or-zero.mp3	en_GB	Please dial the extension of the person you're trying to reach, or 0 for an operator.
asterisk-extra-sounds-en_GB-wav-current/first-in-line.mp3	en_GB	your call is now first in line, and will be answered by the first available representative
asterisk-extra-sounds-en_GB-wav-current/flagged-for-lea.mp3	en_GB	has been flagged for retrvial by law enforcement officials
asterisk-extra-sounds-en_GB-wav-current/food-service.mp3	en_GB	Food service
asterisk-extra-sounds-en_GB-wav-current/food-services.mp3	en_GB	Food servies
asterisk-extra-sounds-en_GB-wav-current/for-a-daily-wakeup-call.mp3	en_GB	For a daily wakeup call
asterisk-extra-sounds-en_GB-wav-current/for-english-press.mp3	en_GB	For english, press
asterisk-extra-sounds-en_GB-wav-current/for-extended-status-report.mp3	en_GB	For an extended status report
asterisk-extra-sounds-en_GB-wav-current/for-investor-relations.mp3	en_GB	for investor relations, press
asterisk-extra-sounds-en_GB-wav-current/for-louie-louie.mp3	en_GB	for the lyrics to louie, louie, press
asterisk-extra-sounds-en_GB-wav-current/for-no-press.mp3	en_GB	for no, press
asterisk-extra-sounds-en_GB-wav-current/for-qc-and-training-purposes.mp3	en_GB	For quality control and training purposes
asterisk-extra-sounds-en_GB-wav-current/for-quality-purposes.mp3	en_GB	for quality assurance purposes
asterisk-extra-sounds-en_GB-wav-current/for-quick-status-report.mp3	en_GB	For a quick status report
asterisk-extra-sounds-en_GB-wav-current/for-tech-support.mp3	en_GB	For tech suppory
asterisk-extra-sounds-en_GB-wav-current/for-wx-report.mp3	en_GB	For a weather report
asterisk-extra-sounds-en_GB-wav-current/for-yes-press.mp3	en_GB	for yes, press
asterisk-extra-sounds-en_GB-wav-current/gambling-drunk.mp3	en_GB	We're off gambling and getting drunk.
asterisk-extra-sounds-en_GB-wav-current/giggle1.mp3	en_GB	giggle
asterisk-extra-sounds-en_GB-wav-current/gmt.mp3	en_GB	greenwich mean time
asterisk-extra-sounds-en_GB-wav-current/go-away2.mp3	en_GB	Go away (playful)
asterisk-extra-sounds-en_GB-wav-current/groovy.mp3	en_GB	groovy
asterisk-extra-sounds-en_GB-wav-current/hang-on-a-second-angry.mp3	en_GB	I said HANG ON a second!
asterisk-extra-sounds-en_GB-wav-current/hangup-try-again.mp3	en_GB	Please hangup and try your call again.
asterisk-extra-sounds-en_GB-wav-current/has-arrived-at.mp3	en_GB	has arrived at
asterisk-extra-sounds-en_GB-wav-current/has-been-changed-to.mp3	en_GB	has been changed to
asterisk-extra-sounds-en_GB-wav-current/has-been-disconnected.mp3	en_GB	has been disconnected
asterisk-extra-sounds-en_GB-wav-current/has-issued-a.mp3	en_GB	has issued a
asterisk-extra-sounds-en_GB-wav-current/has-not-been-seen-for.mp3	en_GB	has not been seen for
asterisk-extra-sounds-en_GB-wav-current/hear-odd-noise.mp3	en_GB	to hear an odd noise, press
asterisk-extra-sounds-en_GB-wav-current/hear-toilet-flush.mp3	en_GB	to hear a toilet flush, press
asterisk-extra-sounds-en_GB-wav-current/hectopascal.mp3	en_GB	hecto-pascal
asterisk-extra-sounds-en_GB-wav-current/hold-or-dial-0.mp3	en_GB	Please continue to hold or dial zero to leave a message in our general mailbox.
asterisk-extra-sounds-en_GB-wav-current/http.mp3	en_GB	HTTP
asterisk-extra-sounds-en_GB-wav-current/human-resources.mp3	en_GB	Human Resources
asterisk-extra-sounds-en_GB-wav-current/i-dont-understand.mp3	en_GB	I don't understand. (emotionless)
asterisk-extra-sounds-en_GB-wav-current/i-dont-understand2.mp3	en_GB	I... don't understand. (confused?)
asterisk-extra-sounds-en_GB-wav-current/i-dont-understand3.mp3	en_GB	(faint laugh)I don't understand.
asterisk-extra-sounds-en_GB-wav-current/i-dont-understand4.mp3	en_GB	I... don't... understand. (William Shatner-like)
asterisk-extra-sounds-en_GB-wav-current/i-dont-understand5.mp3	en_GB	Um, I don't understand. (spoken quickly)
asterisk-extra-sounds-en_GB-wav-current/i-grow-bored.mp3	en_GB	I grow bored of this conversation.
asterisk-extra-sounds-en_GB-wav-current/icmp.mp3	en_GB	ICMP
asterisk-extra-sounds-en_GB-wav-current/if-grtg-played-indefinately.mp3	en_GB	if this greeting should be played indefinately
asterisk-extra-sounds-en_GB-wav-current/if-grtg-should-expire-at.mp3	en_GB	if this greeting should expire at
asterisk-extra-sounds-en_GB-wav-current/if-maint-contract-or-emergency.mp3	en_GB	If you have a maintenance contract or require emergency assistance.
asterisk-extra-sounds-en_GB-wav-current/if-rotary-phone.mp3	en_GB	If you have a rotary phone, please stay on the line after the menu.
asterisk-extra-sounds-en_GB-wav-current/if-this-is-correct-press.mp3	en_GB	if this is correct, press
asterisk-extra-sounds-en_GB-wav-current/if-this-is-not-correct.mp3	en_GB	If this is not correct...
asterisk-extra-sounds-en_GB-wav-current/if-u-know-ext-dial.mp3	en_GB	If you know the extension of the party you wish to reach, dial it now.
asterisk-extra-sounds-en_GB-wav-current/if-unsuccessful-speak-to.mp3	en_GB	In case I am unsuccessful, you should speak to...
asterisk-extra-sounds-en_GB-wav-current/if-youd-like-to-make-a-call.mp3	en_GB	If you'd like to make a call...
asterisk-extra-sounds-en_GB-wav-current/im-sorry-unable-to-connect-to-eng.mp3	en_GB	I am sorry, but I was unable to connect you to our on-call engineer.
asterisk-extra-sounds-en_GB-wav-current/information-technology.mp3	en_GB	Information Technology
asterisk-extra-sounds-en_GB-wav-current/infuriate-tech-staff.mp3	en_GB	to infuriate our tech staff with your obvious questions, press [X]
asterisk-extra-sounds-en_GB-wav-current/inside-sales.mp3	en_GB	Inside Sales
asterisk-extra-sounds-en_GB-wav-current/internal-audit.mp3	en_GB	Internal Audit
asterisk-extra-sounds-en_GB-wav-current/international-call.mp3	en_GB	International call
asterisk-extra-sounds-en_GB-wav-current/invalid-date.mp3	en_GB	invalid date
asterisk-extra-sounds-en_GB-wav-current/investor-relations.mp3	en_GB	Investor Relations
asterisk-extra-sounds-en_GB-wav-current/is-curntly-unavail.mp3	en_GB	is currently unavailable
asterisk-extra-sounds-en_GB-wav-current/is-now-being-recorded.mp3	en_GB	is now being recorded
asterisk-extra-sounds-en_GB-wav-current/it-services.mp3	en_GB	IT Services
asterisk-extra-sounds-en_GB-wav-current/jedi-extension-trick.mp3	en_GB	This is not the extension you are looking for.
asterisk-extra-sounds-en_GB-wav-current/just-kidding-not-upset.mp3	en_GB	Just kidding; didn't mean to get you all upset.
asterisk-extra-sounds-en_GB-wav-current/just-kidding-not-upset2.mp3	en_GB	Just kidding; didn't mean to get you all upset.
asterisk-extra-sounds-en_GB-wav-current/landscape.mp3	en_GB	landscape
asterisk-extra-sounds-en_GB-wav-current/last-error-was.mp3	en_GB	The last error on this line was...
asterisk-extra-sounds-en_GB-wav-current/last-num-to-call.mp3	en_GB	The last number that called your line was...
asterisk-extra-sounds-en_GB-wav-current/lea-may-request-info.mp3	en_GB	Law enforcement officials may request this information
asterisk-extra-sounds-en_GB-wav-current/limit-simul-calls.mp3	en_GB	To protect Internet bandwidth and maintain call quality, this system has a limit on the number of simultanious calls.
asterisk-extra-sounds-en_GB-wav-current/lines-complaining-customers.mp3	en_GB	All lines are full of complaining customers.
asterisk-extra-sounds-en_GB-wav-current/lyrics-louie-louie.mp3	en_GB	[
asterisk-extra-sounds-en_GB-wav-current/made-it-up.mp3	en_GB	Just because I made it up doesn't mean it isn't true.
asterisk-extra-sounds-en_GB-wav-current/marryme.mp3	en_GB	Will you marry me?  Press 1 for yes or 2 for no.
asterisk-extra-sounds-en_GB-wav-current/midnight-tomorrow-night.mp3	en_GB	midnight tomorrow night
asterisk-extra-sounds-en_GB-wav-current/midnight-tonight.mp3	en_GB	midnight tonight
asterisk-extra-sounds-en_GB-wav-current/moo1.mp3	en_GB	Moo!
asterisk-extra-sounds-en_GB-wav-current/moo2.mp3	en_GB	mooooo!
asterisk-extra-sounds-en_GB-wav-current/moron.mp3	en_GB	Moron! (said by an angry Allison)
asterisk-extra-sounds-en_GB-wav-current/national-weather-service.mp3	en_GB	National Weather Service
asterisk-extra-sounds-en_GB-wav-current/nbdy-avail-to-take-call.mp3	en_GB	Nobody is avaialble to take your call.
asterisk-extra-sounds-en_GB-wav-current/network-operations-center.mp3	en_GB	Network Operations Center
asterisk-extra-sounds-en_GB-wav-current/network-operations.mp3	en_GB	Network Operations
asterisk-extra-sounds-en_GB-wav-current/no-112-1.mp3	en_GB	this line does not support one one two services [quickly]
asterisk-extra-sounds-en_GB-wav-current/no-112-2.mp3	en_GB	this line does not support one one two services
asterisk-extra-sounds-en_GB-wav-current/no-911-1.mp3	en_GB	this line does not support nine one one services [quickly]
asterisk-extra-sounds-en_GB-wav-current/no-911-2.mp3	en_GB	this line does not support nine one one services
asterisk-extra-sounds-en_GB-wav-current/no-empty-conferences.mp3	en_GB	No empty conferences currently exist.
asterisk-extra-sounds-en_GB-wav-current/no-info-about-number.mp3	en_GB	no further information is available about this number
asterisk-extra-sounds-en_GB-wav-current/no-longer-in-service.mp3	en_GB	is no longer in service
asterisk-extra-sounds-en_GB-wav-current/no-reply-no-mailbox.mp3	en_GB	you cannot reply to this message because the sender does not have a mailbox
asterisk-extra-sounds-en_GB-wav-current/no-route-exists-to-dest.mp3	en_GB	No route exists to the dialed destination.
asterisk-extra-sounds-en_GB-wav-current/nobody-but-chickens.mp3	en_GB	Nobody here but us chickens!
asterisk-extra-sounds-en_GB-wav-current/north-carolina.mp3	en_GB	North Carolina
asterisk-extra-sounds-en_GB-wav-current/not-auth-pstn.mp3	en_GB	You at not authorized to call out using the PSTN
asterisk-extra-sounds-en_GB-wav-current/not-enough-credit.mp3	en_GB	You do not have enough credit to dial this number.
asterisk-extra-sounds-en_GB-wav-current/not-necessary-1.mp3	en_GB	It is not necessary to dial a 1 when dialing this number.
asterisk-extra-sounds-en_GB-wav-current/not-necessary-ac.mp3	en_GB	It is not necessary to dial the area code when dialing this number.
asterisk-extra-sounds-en_GB-wav-current/not-necessary-dial-1-or-ac.mp3	en_GB	It is not necessary to dial a 1 or the area code when dialing this number.
asterisk-extra-sounds-en_GB-wav-current/not-rqsted-wakeup.mp3	en_GB	You have not requested a wakeup call.
asterisk-extra-sounds-en_GB-wav-current/not-taking-your-call.mp3	en_GB	The party at the number you have dialed has decided not to take calls from your number at this time.
asterisk-extra-sounds-en_GB-wav-current/not-yet-assigned.mp3	en_GB	has not yet been assigned
asterisk-extra-sounds-en_GB-wav-current/not-yet-connected.mp3	en_GB	is not yet connected.
asterisk-extra-sounds-en_GB-wav-current/nothing-recorded.mp3	en_GB	nothing has been recorded
asterisk-extra-sounds-en_GB-wav-current/num-not-in-db.mp3	en_GB	Number not found in database.
asterisk-extra-sounds-en_GB-wav-current/num-outside-area.mp3	en_GB	The number you are calling is outside of your local calling area. Please dial...
asterisk-extra-sounds-en_GB-wav-current/office-iguanas.mp3	en_GB	The office has been overrun with iguanas.
asterisk-extra-sounds-en_GB-wav-current/oklahoma-city.mp3	en_GB	Oklahoma City
asterisk-extra-sounds-en_GB-wav-current/on-monthly-tel-stment.mp3	en_GB	on your monthly telephone statement
asterisk-extra-sounds-en_GB-wav-current/one-small-step.mp3	en_GB	That's one small step for Asterisk, one giant leap for mankind.
asterisk-extra-sounds-en_GB-wav-current/one-small-step2.mp3	en_GB	That's one small step for Asterisk, one giant leap for mankind.
asterisk-extra-sounds-en_GB-wav-current/open-parenthesis.mp3	en_GB	open parenthesis
asterisk-extra-sounds-en_GB-wav-current/option-is-invalid.mp3	en_GB	That option is invalid. Please try again.
asterisk-extra-sounds-en_GB-wav-current/option-not-implemented.mp3	en_GB	That option is not implemented.
asterisk-extra-sounds-en_GB-wav-current/other-options-exercise.mp3	en_GB	All other options are left as an exercise for the caller.
asterisk-extra-sounds-en_GB-wav-current/our-business-hours-are.mp3	en_GB	Our business hours are
asterisk-extra-sounds-en_GB-wav-current/outside-sales.mp3	en_GB	Outside Sales
asterisk-extra-sounds-en_GB-wav-current/outside-transfer.mp3	en_GB	outside transfer
asterisk-extra-sounds-en_GB-wav-current/persons-in-path-of.mp3	en_GB	Persons in the immediate path of the
asterisk-extra-sounds-en_GB-wav-current/pin-invalid.mp3	en_GB	That pin is invalid for this conference.
asterisk-extra-sounds-en_GB-wav-current/pin-number-accepted.mp3	en_GB	Pin number accepted
asterisk-extra-sounds-en_GB-wav-current/please-answer-the-following.mp3	en_GB	Please answer the following...
asterisk-extra-sounds-en_GB-wav-current/please-contact-tech-supt.mp3	en_GB	Please contact technical support
asterisk-extra-sounds-en_GB-wav-current/please-enter-first-three-letters.mp3	en_GB	Please enter the first three letters of your party's first or last name.
asterisk-extra-sounds-en_GB-wav-current/please-hang-up-and-dial-operator.mp3	en_GB	Please hang up and dial the operator.
asterisk-extra-sounds-en_GB-wav-current/please-hang-up-and-try-again.mp3	en_GB	Please hang up and try again.
asterisk-extra-sounds-en_GB-wav-current/please-try-again-later.mp3	en_GB	Please try again later.
asterisk-extra-sounds-en_GB-wav-current/please-wait-connect-oncall-eng.mp3	en_GB	Please wait, and I will attempt to patch you through to our on-call engineer.
asterisk-extra-sounds-en_GB-wav-current/pls-ent-num-transfer.mp3	en_GB	please enter the number to use for call transfer
asterisk-extra-sounds-en_GB-wav-current/pls-enter-conf-password.mp3	en_GB	Please enter the conference password
asterisk-extra-sounds-en_GB-wav-current/pls-enter-num-message-after-tone.mp3	en_GB	Please enter your numeric message after the tone.
asterisk-extra-sounds-en_GB-wav-current/pls-enter-vm-password.mp3	en_GB	Please enter your voicemail password
asterisk-extra-sounds-en_GB-wav-current/pls-entr-num-uwish2-call.mp3	en_GB	please enter the number you wish to call
asterisk-extra-sounds-en_GB-wav-current/pls-hold-silent30.mp3	en_GB	Please hold (silence for 30 seconds)
asterisk-extra-sounds-en_GB-wav-current/pls-lv-msg-will-contact.mp3	en_GB	Please leave a message after the tone and a representative will contact you as soon as possible.
asterisk-extra-sounds-en_GB-wav-current/pls-rcrd-name-at-tone.mp3	en_GB	please record your name at the tone.
asterisk-extra-sounds-en_GB-wav-current/pls-stay-on-line.mp3	en_GB	Please stay on the line and your call will be answered by the next available representative.
asterisk-extra-sounds-en_GB-wav-current/pls-try-area-code.mp3	en_GB	please try area code
asterisk-extra-sounds-en_GB-wav-current/pls-try-manually.mp3	en_GB	Please try manually.
asterisk-extra-sounds-en_GB-wav-current/pls-wait-connect-call.mp3	en_GB	Please wait, while I connect your call.
asterisk-extra-sounds-en_GB-wav-current/pm-phrase-management.mp3	en_GB	Phrase management.
asterisk-extra-sounds-en_GB-wav-current/pm-to-record-phrase.mp3	en_GB	To record a phrase
asterisk-extra-sounds-en_GB-wav-current/pm-to-review-phrase.mp3	en_GB	To review a phrase
asterisk-extra-sounds-en_GB-wav-current/post-entry-pound.mp3	en_GB	digit account number, skipping any punctuation, followed by the pound key.
asterisk-extra-sounds-en_GB-wav-current/presales-support.mp3	en_GB	Presales support
asterisk-extra-sounds-en_GB-wav-current/presidents-office.mp3	en_GB	Presidents office
asterisk-extra-sounds-en_GB-wav-current/press-0.mp3	en_GB	Press 0
asterisk-extra-sounds-en_GB-wav-current/press-6-to-eject.mp3	en_GB	or press 6 to eject the last user.
asterisk-extra-sounds-en_GB-wav-current/press-button-again.mp3	en_GB	Press that button again!
asterisk-extra-sounds-en_GB-wav-current/press-escape.mp3	en_GB	Press Escape
asterisk-extra-sounds-en_GB-wav-current/press-pound-save-changes.mp3	en_GB	Press pound to save your changes.
asterisk-extra-sounds-en_GB-wav-current/press-pound-to-login-star-to-hangup.mp3	en_GB	Press pound to login to voicemail, or * to hangup.
asterisk-extra-sounds-en_GB-wav-current/press-star-cancel.mp3	en_GB	Press star to cancel.
asterisk-extra-sounds-en_GB-wav-current/press-the-space-bar.mp3	en_GB	Press the space bar
asterisk-extra-sounds-en_GB-wav-current/privacy-if-error-leave-message-or-hangup.mp3	en_GB	If you feel this in error, or unjust, please leave a message after the tone. Otherwise, please hang up now.
asterisk-extra-sounds-en_GB-wav-current/privacy-if-error.mp3	en_GB	If you feel this is in error...
asterisk-extra-sounds-en_GB-wav-current/privacy-if-sales-call-contact-in-writing.mp3	en_GB	If this is an unsolicited sales or marketing call, please be advised that we only wish to be contacted in writing.
asterisk-extra-sounds-en_GB-wav-current/privacy-last-caller-was.mp3	en_GB	The last caller was...
asterisk-extra-sounds-en_GB-wav-current/privacy-please-stay-on-line-to-be-connected.mp3	en_GB	Please stay on the line to be connected.
asterisk-extra-sounds-en_GB-wav-current/privacy-screening-unidentified-calls.mp3	en_GB	Due to the huge number of unsolicited calls we recieve, we are now screening all inbound calls where a caller ID is unavailable or withheld.
asterisk-extra-sounds-en_GB-wav-current/privacy-stop-calling-not-welcome.mp3	en_GB	Please stop calling.  You are not welcome here.
asterisk-extra-sounds-en_GB-wav-current/privacy-stop-calling-not-welcome2.mp3	en_GB	Please stop calling.  You are not welcome here. (annoyed)
asterisk-extra-sounds-en_GB-wav-current/privacy-to-blacklist-this-number.mp3	en_GB	To blacklist this number...
asterisk-extra-sounds-en_GB-wav-current/privacy-to-hear-our-contact-details.mp3	en_GB	to hear our contact details
asterisk-extra-sounds-en_GB-wav-current/privacy-to-whitelist-last-caller.mp3	en_GB	To whitelist the last caller...
asterisk-extra-sounds-en_GB-wav-current/privacy-to-whitelist-this-number.mp3	en_GB	To whitelist this number...
asterisk-extra-sounds-en_GB-wav-current/privacy-you-are-blacklisted.mp3	en_GB	You have been blacklisted on this system.
asterisk-extra-sounds-en_GB-wav-current/privacy-you-are-calling-from.mp3	en_GB	You are calling from...
asterisk-extra-sounds-en_GB-wav-current/privacy-your-callerid-is.mp3	en_GB	Your Caller*ID is...
asterisk-extra-sounds-en_GB-wav-current/public-relations.mp3	en_GB	Public Relations
asterisk-extra-sounds-en_GB-wav-current/q-dot-931.mp3	en_GB	q.931
asterisk-extra-sounds-en_GB-wav-current/q-dot-9thirty1.mp3	en_GB	q.9-thirty-one
asterisk-extra-sounds-en_GB-wav-current/quality-assurance.mp3	en_GB	Quality Assurance
asterisk-extra-sounds-en_GB-wav-current/quality-control.mp3	en_GB	Quality Contol
asterisk-extra-sounds-en_GB-wav-current/reassigned-new-areacode.mp3	en_GB	has been reassigned in another areacode
asterisk-extra-sounds-en_GB-wav-current/remote-already-in-this-mode-2.mp3	en_GB	The remote is already in this mode.
asterisk-extra-sounds-en_GB-wav-current/remote-already-in-this-mode.mp3	en_GB	remote is already in this mode.
asterisk-extra-sounds-en_GB-wav-current/repeat-only.mp3	en_GB	Repeat Only
asterisk-extra-sounds-en_GB-wav-current/research-and-development.mp3	en_GB	Research & Development
asterisk-extra-sounds-en_GB-wav-current/route-sip.mp3	en_GB	Your call is being routed over SIP.
asterisk-extra-sounds-en_GB-wav-current/rqsted-wakeup-for.mp3	en_GB	You have requested a wakeup call for...
asterisk-extra-sounds-en_GB-wav-current/san-antonio.mp3	en_GB	San Antonia
asterisk-extra-sounds-en_GB-wav-current/san-francisco.mp3	en_GB	San Francisco
asterisk-extra-sounds-en_GB-wav-current/save-announce-press.mp3	en_GB	To save this announcement, press
asterisk-extra-sounds-en_GB-wav-current/say-temp-msg-prs-pound.mp3	en_GB	say your temporary message and then press the pound key
asterisk-extra-sounds-en_GB-wav-current/says-thats-stupid.mp3	en_GB	says that's a really stupid thing to do.
asterisk-extra-sounds-en_GB-wav-current/second-floor.mp3	en_GB	second floor
asterisk-extra-sounds-en_GB-wav-current/security-system.mp3	en_GB	security system
asterisk-extra-sounds-en_GB-wav-current/self-destruct-in.mp3	en_GB	This system will self destuct in...
asterisk-extra-sounds-en_GB-wav-current/service-not-implemented.mp3	en_GB	That service is not implemented.
asterisk-extra-sounds-en_GB-wav-current/shiny-brass-lamp.mp3	en_GB	There is a shiny brass lamp nearby.
asterisk-extra-sounds-en_GB-wav-current/someone-you-trust1.mp3	en_GB	Someone you trust is one of us.
asterisk-extra-sounds-en_GB-wav-current/someone-you-trust2.mp3	en_GB	Someone you trust is one of us.
asterisk-extra-sounds-en_GB-wav-current/someone-you-trust3.mp3	en_GB	Someone you trust is one of us.
asterisk-extra-sounds-en_GB-wav-current/sorry-cant-let-you-do-that.mp3	en_GB	I'm sorry, I can't let you do that.
asterisk-extra-sounds-en_GB-wav-current/sorry-cant-let-you-do-that2.mp3	en_GB	I'm sorry, I can't let you do that.
asterisk-extra-sounds-en_GB-wav-current/sorry-cant-let-you-do-that3.mp3	en_GB	I'm sorry, I can't let you do that.
asterisk-extra-sounds-en_GB-wav-current/sorry-mailbox-full.mp3	en_GB	Sorry, but the user's mailbox can't accept more messages.
asterisk-extra-sounds-en_GB-wav-current/sorry2.mp3	en_GB	We're sorry, but we are not able to answer your call at this time.
asterisk-extra-sounds-en_GB-wav-current/south-carolina.mp3	en_GB	South Carolina
asterisk-extra-sounds-en_GB-wav-current/south-dakota.mp3	en_GB	South Dakota
asterisk-extra-sounds-en_GB-wav-current/spam.mp3	en_GB	Thank you for calling Special Price Analysis and Marketing.  For cheap generic Vallium, Xanex or Viagra press 1.  For Gucci and Rolex replicas please press 2.  To enlarge your penis or breasts, please press 3.  To speak with the Minister of Finance of Nigera about a 50 million dollar account, press 4.
asterisk-extra-sounds-en_GB-wav-current/speak-louder-into-phone.mp3	en_GB	please speak louder, or speak directly into the telephone to ensure a clear recording
asterisk-extra-sounds-en_GB-wav-current/speak-louder.mp3	en_GB	please speak louder to ensure a clear recording
asterisk-extra-sounds-en_GB-wav-current/speak-to-the-operator.mp3	en_GB	speak to the operator
asterisk-extra-sounds-en_GB-wav-current/star-for-menu-again.mp3	en_GB	Press the star key to hear this menu again
asterisk-extra-sounds-en_GB-wav-current/starting-with-either.mp3	en_GB	starting with either
asterisk-extra-sounds-en_GB-wav-current/step-in-stream.mp3	en_GB	You step in the stream, but the water has moved on.
asterisk-extra-sounds-en_GB-wav-current/store-accounting.mp3	en_GB	Store Accounting
asterisk-extra-sounds-en_GB-wav-current/system-crashed.mp3	en_GB	The system has crashed
asterisk-extra-sounds-en_GB-wav-current/system-status-msg.mp3	en_GB	Please listen carefully to the following system status message.
asterisk-extra-sounds-en_GB-wav-current/talking-to-myself.mp3	en_GB	Am I talking to myself?
asterisk-extra-sounds-en_GB-wav-current/technical-support.mp3	en_GB	Technical support
asterisk-extra-sounds-en_GB-wav-current/telephone-in-your-pocket.mp3	en_GB	Oooo! Is that a telephone in your pocket, or are you just happy to see me?
asterisk-extra-sounds-en_GB-wav-current/telephone-in-your-pocket2.mp3	en_GB	Oooo! Is that a telephone in your pocket, or are you just happy to see me?
asterisk-extra-sounds-en_GB-wav-current/teletubbie-murder.mp3	en_GB	has been brutally murdered and mutilated by the Teletubbies.
asterisk-extra-sounds-en_GB-wav-current/temp-disconnected.mp3	en_GB	has been temporarialy disconnected
asterisk-extra-sounds-en_GB-wav-current/test-tones-follow.mp3	en_GB	Test tones follow.
asterisk-extra-sounds-en_GB-wav-current/thank-you-cooperation.mp3	en_GB	Thank you for your cooperation.
asterisk-extra-sounds-en_GB-wav-current/thanks-for-calling-today.mp3	en_GB	Thanks for calling today.
asterisk-extra-sounds-en_GB-wav-current/thanks-for-using.mp3	en_GB	Thanks for using
asterisk-extra-sounds-en_GB-wav-current/that-is-not-rec-phn-num.mp3	en_GB	That is not a recognized phone number
asterisk-extra-sounds-en_GB-wav-current/that-tickles.mp3	en_GB	Oooh, that tickles!
asterisk-extra-sounds-en_GB-wav-current/the-monkeys-twice.mp3	en_GB	The monkeys!  THE MONKEYS!
asterisk-extra-sounds-en_GB-wav-current/the-num-i-have-is.mp3	en_GB	the number I have is
asterisk-extra-sounds-en_GB-wav-current/the-number-u-dialed.mp3	en_GB	The number you have dialed
asterisk-extra-sounds-en_GB-wav-current/the-party-you-are-calling.mp3	en_GB	The party you are calling
asterisk-extra-sounds-en_GB-wav-current/then-press-pound.mp3	en_GB	then press pound
asterisk-extra-sounds-en_GB-wav-current/there-is-no-customer-support.mp3	en_GB	These is not customer support.
asterisk-extra-sounds-en_GB-wav-current/these-are-currently.mp3	en_GB	these are currently
asterisk-extra-sounds-en_GB-wav-current/this-call-may-be-monitored-or-recorded.mp3	en_GB	This call may be monitored or recorded
asterisk-extra-sounds-en_GB-wav-current/this-call-will-cost.mp3	en_GB	This call will cost...
asterisk-extra-sounds-en_GB-wav-current/this-call-will-end-in.mp3	en_GB	This call will end in
asterisk-extra-sounds-en_GB-wav-current/this-is-the-voice-mail-system.mp3	en_GB	This is the voicemail system
asterisk-extra-sounds-en_GB-wav-current/this-is-yr-wakeup-call.mp3	en_GB	This is your wakeup call.
asterisk-extra-sounds-en_GB-wav-current/thnk-u-for-patience.mp3	en_GB	thank you for your patience
asterisk-extra-sounds-en_GB-wav-current/to-accept-recording.mp3	en_GB	to accept this recording
asterisk-extra-sounds-en_GB-wav-current/to-be-called-back.mp3	en_GB	To be called back when a representative is available, press--
asterisk-extra-sounds-en_GB-wav-current/to-blklist-last-caller.mp3	en_GB	To blacklist the last caller, press...
asterisk-extra-sounds-en_GB-wav-current/to-blklist-last-num.mp3	en_GB	To blacklist the last number, press...
asterisk-extra-sounds-en_GB-wav-current/to-call-num-press.mp3	en_GB	To call this number, press...
asterisk-extra-sounds-en_GB-wav-current/to-call-prson-w-sent-msg.mp3	en_GB	to call the person who sent this message
asterisk-extra-sounds-en_GB-wav-current/to-cancel-this-msg.mp3	en_GB	to cancel this message
asterisk-extra-sounds-en_GB-wav-current/to-cancel-wakeup.mp3	en_GB	To cancel a wakeup call...
asterisk-extra-sounds-en_GB-wav-current/to-change-exp-date.mp3	en_GB	to change the expiration date
asterisk-extra-sounds-en_GB-wav-current/to-change-your-pin-number.mp3	en_GB	To change your pin number
asterisk-extra-sounds-en_GB-wav-current/to-collect-voicemail.mp3	en_GB	to collect voicemail
asterisk-extra-sounds-en_GB-wav-current/to-confirm-wakeup.mp3	en_GB	To confirm a wakeup call...
asterisk-extra-sounds-en_GB-wav-current/to-control-environ-sys.mp3	en_GB	to control environmental systems
asterisk-extra-sounds-en_GB-wav-current/to-control-lights-appl.mp3	en_GB	to control lights and appliances
asterisk-extra-sounds-en_GB-wav-current/to-dial-by-name-press.mp3	en_GB	to dial by name, press
asterisk-extra-sounds-en_GB-wav-current/to-dial-by-name.mp3	en_GB	To dial by name...
asterisk-extra-sounds-en_GB-wav-current/to-enter-a-diff-number.mp3	en_GB	to enter a different number
asterisk-extra-sounds-en_GB-wav-current/to-erase-yr-temp-grtg.mp3	en_GB	to erase your temporary greeting
asterisk-extra-sounds-en_GB-wav-current/to-hear-callerid.mp3	en_GB	To hear the Caller*ID of the last call
asterisk-extra-sounds-en_GB-wav-current/to-hear-menu-again.mp3	en_GB	to hear this menu again
asterisk-extra-sounds-en_GB-wav-current/to-hear-msg-again.mp3	en_GB	to hear this message again.
asterisk-extra-sounds-en_GB-wav-current/to-hear-msg-envelope.mp3	en_GB	to hear the message envelope
asterisk-extra-sounds-en_GB-wav-current/to-hear-net-status.mp3	en_GB	to hear current network status,...
asterisk-extra-sounds-en_GB-wav-current/to-hear-weather-status.mp3	en_GB	to hear weather status,...
asterisk-extra-sounds-en_GB-wav-current/to-hear-your-account-balance.mp3	en_GB	To hear your account balance
asterisk-extra-sounds-en_GB-wav-current/to-leave-message-for.mp3	en_GB	To leave a message for
asterisk-extra-sounds-en_GB-wav-current/to-log-in-to-voice-mail.mp3	en_GB	To log into voicemail
asterisk-extra-sounds-en_GB-wav-current/to-place-outgoing-call.mp3	en_GB	to place an outgoing call
asterisk-extra-sounds-en_GB-wav-current/to-reach-first-rep.mp3	en_GB	To reach the first available representitivie
asterisk-extra-sounds-en_GB-wav-current/to-reach-operator.mp3	en_GB	To reach the operator
asterisk-extra-sounds-en_GB-wav-current/to-rec-yr-temp-grtg.mp3	en_GB	to record your temporary greeting
asterisk-extra-sounds-en_GB-wav-current/to-redial-the-last-number-you-called.mp3	en_GB	To redial the last number you called
asterisk-extra-sounds-en_GB-wav-current/to-report-emergency.mp3	en_GB	To report an emergency...
asterisk-extra-sounds-en_GB-wav-current/to-report-system-network-down.mp3	en_GB	To report a system or network down
asterisk-extra-sounds-en_GB-wav-current/to-rerecord-announce.mp3	en_GB	To rerecord this announcement, press
asterisk-extra-sounds-en_GB-wav-current/to-rerecord-yr-message.mp3	en_GB	to re-record your message
asterisk-extra-sounds-en_GB-wav-current/to-rmv-num-blklist.mp3	en_GB	To remove a number from the blacklist, press...
asterisk-extra-sounds-en_GB-wav-current/to-rqst-wakeup-call.mp3	en_GB	To request a wakeup call...
asterisk-extra-sounds-en_GB-wav-current/to-send-a-reply.mp3	en_GB	to send a reply
asterisk-extra-sounds-en_GB-wav-current/to-use-def-attendant.mp3	en_GB	to use the default attendant, just press pound
asterisk-extra-sounds-en_GB-wav-current/tones-that-follow-are-for-the-deaf.mp3	en_GB	The tones that follow are for the deaf.
asterisk-extra-sounds-en_GB-wav-current/touchtone1.mp3	en_GB	If you're calling from a rotary dial phone, hangup, go to a phone store, and purchase one of those new fangled inventions called a touch tone phone.
asterisk-extra-sounds-en_GB-wav-current/touchtone2.mp3	en_GB	And if you're calling from a rotary dial phone, hello, there's this thing call touch tone sweety you might want to look into.
asterisk-extra-sounds-en_GB-wav-current/touchtone3.mp3	en_GB	If you're calling from a rotary dial phone, hangup, go to a phone store, and purchase one of those 21'st century new fangled inventions called a touch tone phone.
asterisk-extra-sounds-en_GB-wav-current/turn-off-recording.mp3	en_GB	to turn off call recording
asterisk-extra-sounds-en_GB-wav-current/twisty-maze.mp3	en_GB	You are in a maze of twisty little menus, all alike.
asterisk-extra-sounds-en_GB-wav-current/uh-oh1.mp3	en_GB	Uh oh!  [in a cutesy, Teletubbie's like voice]
asterisk-extra-sounds-en_GB-wav-current/uh-oh2.mp3	en_GB	Uh oh!  [in a cutesy, Teletubbie's like voice]
asterisk-extra-sounds-en_GB-wav-current/virginia-beach.mp3	en_GB	Virginia Beach
asterisk-extra-sounds-en_GB-wav-current/visit-asterisk-website.mp3	en_GB	Visit the asterisk website at w w w dot asterisk dot org
asterisk-extra-sounds-en_GB-wav-current/voice-mail-system.mp3	en_GB	Voice Mail System
asterisk-extra-sounds-en_GB-wav-current/wait-moment.mp3	en_GB	Please wait a moment.
asterisk-extra-sounds-en_GB-wav-current/wait-offensive-sounds.mp3	en_GB	Please wait one moment while I access our gigantic library of offensive sounds!
asterisk-extra-sounds-en_GB-wav-current/wakeup-call-cancelled.mp3	en_GB	Your wakeup call has been cancelled.
asterisk-extra-sounds-en_GB-wav-current/wakeup-daily.mp3	en_GB	Daily Wakeup Call
asterisk-extra-sounds-en_GB-wav-current/wakeup-for-daily.mp3	en_GB	For daily wakeup calls...
asterisk-extra-sounds-en_GB-wav-current/wakeup-for-one-time.mp3	en_GB	For a one-time wakeup call
asterisk-extra-sounds-en_GB-wav-current/wakeup-onetime.mp3	en_GB	One-time wakeup call
asterisk-extra-sounds-en_GB-wav-current/walks-into-bar-mail.mp3	en_GB	A man walks into a bar, sits down and ... welcome to Comedian Mail!
asterisk-extra-sounds-en_GB-wav-current/was-last-seen.mp3	en_GB	was last seen
asterisk-extra-sounds-en_GB-wav-current/washington-dc.mp3	en_GB	Washington, DC
asterisk-extra-sounds-en_GB-wav-current/we-dont-have-tech-support.mp3	en_GB	We don't have tech support.
asterisk-extra-sounds-en_GB-wav-current/weasels-eaten-phonesys.mp3	en_GB	Weasels have eaten our phone system.
asterisk-extra-sounds-en_GB-wav-current/what-time-it-is.mp3	en_GB	Do you have any idea what <emph> time </emph> it is?
asterisk-extra-sounds-en_GB-wav-current/what-time-it-is2.mp3	en_GB	Do you have any idea what <emph> time </emph> it is?
asterisk-extra-sounds-en_GB-wav-current/when-dialing-this-number.mp3	en_GB	When dialing this number...
asterisk-extra-sounds-en_GB-wav-current/who-would-you-like-to-call.mp3	en_GB	Who would you like to call?
asterisk-extra-sounds-en_GB-wav-current/why-no-answer-mystery.mp3	en_GB	Your call is important to us, but exactly why we haven't answered it yet is a mystery even to us.
asterisk-extra-sounds-en_GB-wav-current/will-reflect-charge-of.mp3	en_GB	will reflect a charge of
asterisk-extra-sounds-en_GB-wav-current/wrong-try-again-smarty.mp3	en_GB	Wrong, wrong, wrong.  Try again, smart guy.
asterisk-extra-sounds-en_GB-wav-current/wtng-to-spk-w-rep.mp3	en_GB	waiting to speak with a representative
asterisk-extra-sounds-en_GB-wav-current/www-switchboard-com.mp3	en_GB	www.switchboard.com
asterisk-extra-sounds-en_GB-wav-current/xmas-lights.mp3	en_GB	Christmas lights
asterisk-extra-sounds-en_GB-wav-current/yes-dear.mp3	en_GB	Yes, dear. (annoyed)
asterisk-extra-sounds-en_GB-wav-current/yes-dear2.mp3	en_GB	Yes, dear. (playful)
asterisk-extra-sounds-en_GB-wav-current/you-are-curr-call-num.mp3	en_GB	you are currently caller number
asterisk-extra-sounds-en_GB-wav-current/you-dialed-wrong-number.mp3	en_GB	You have dialed the wrong number.
asterisk-extra-sounds-en_GB-wav-current/you-have-dialed.mp3	en_GB	You have dialed:
asterisk-extra-sounds-en_GB-wav-current/you-have-reached-a-test-number.mp3	en_GB	You have reached a test number.
asterisk-extra-sounds-en_GB-wav-current/you-have-these-options.mp3	en_GB	You have these options.
asterisk-extra-sounds-en_GB-wav-current/you-must-first-dial.mp3	en_GB	You must first dial
asterisk-extra-sounds-en_GB-wav-current/you-seem-impatient.mp3	en_GB	You seem impatient
asterisk-extra-sounds-en_GB-wav-current/you-sound-cute.mp3	en_GB	So, _you_ sound cute.
asterisk-extra-sounds-en_GB-wav-current/your-msg-has-been-saved.mp3	en_GB	Your message has been saved
asterisk-extra-sounds-en_GB-wav-current/your-msg-is-too-short.mp3	en_GB	your message is too short
asterisk-extra-sounds-en_GB-wav-current/your-temp-greeting.mp3	en_GB	your temporary greeting
asterisk-extra-sounds-en_GB-wav-current/cc-amex.mp3	en_GB	American Express
asterisk-extra-sounds-en_GB-wav-current/invalid-featurecode.mp3	en_GB	I'm sorry.  That feature code is not supported.  Please try again.
asterisk-extra-sounds-en_GB-wav-current/pls-hold-process-tx.mp3	en_GB	Please hold while we process your transaction.
asterisk-extra-sounds-en_GB-wav-current/privacy-restricted-by-req.mp3	en_GB	...restricted by customer request.
asterisk-extra-sounds-en_GB-wav-current/tt-codezone_MIXDOWN.mp3	en_GB	This highway leads to the shadowy tip of reality: you're on a through route to the land of the different, the bizarre, the unexplainable...Go as far as you like on this road. Its limits are only those of mind itself. Ladies and Gentlemen, you're entering the wondrous dimension of imagination. Next stop....The Code Zone.
asterisk-extra-sounds-en_GB-wav-current/tt-codezone.mp3	en_GB	This highway leads to the shadowy tip of reality: you're on a through route to the land of the different, the bizarre, the unexplainable...Go as far as you like on this road. Its limits are only those of mind itself. Ladies and Gentlemen, you're entering the wondrous dimension of imagination. Next stop....The Code Zone.
asterisk-extra-sounds-en_GB-wav-current/tt-hangup.mp3	en_GB	Press 1 to end this call, or any other key to hangup.
asterisk-extra-sounds-en_GB-wav-current/tt-monty-knights.mp3	en_GB	Go and boil your bottoms you silly english kniggggits. I fart in your general direction.  Your mother was a hamster and your father smelt of elderberries. Now go away or I shall taunt you a second time.
asterisk-extra-sounds-en_GB-wav-current/tx-has-been-approved.mp3	en_GB	Your transaction has been approved.
asterisk-extra-sounds-en_GB-wav-current/your-notifications.mp3	en_GB	...your notifications.
asterisk-extra-sounds-en_GB-wav-current/your-req-notification.mp3	en_GB	...your requested notification.
asterisk-core-sounds-en_AU-wav-current/agent-alreadyon.mp3	en_AU	That agent is already logged on.  Please enter your agent number followed by the hash key.
asterisk-core-sounds-en_AU-wav-current/agent-incorrect.mp3	en_AU	Login incorrect.  Please enter your agent number followed by the hash key.
asterisk-core-sounds-en_AU-wav-current/agent-newlocation.mp3	en_AU	Please enter a new extension, followed by the hash key.
asterisk-core-sounds-en_AU-wav-current/agent-pass.mp3	en_AU	Please enter your password followed by the hash key.
asterisk-core-sounds-en_AU-wav-current/agent-user.mp3	en_AU	Agent login.  Please enter your agent number followed by the hash key.
asterisk-core-sounds-en_AU-wav-current/auth-incorrect.mp3	en_AU	Password incorrect.  Please enter your password followed by the hash key.
asterisk-core-sounds-en_AU-wav-current/conf-adminmenu.mp3	en_AU	Please press 1 to mute or unmute yourself, 2 to lock or unlock the conference, 3 to eject the last user, 4 or 6 to decrease or increase the conference volume, 7 or 9 to decrease or increase your volume, or 8 to exit
asterisk-core-sounds-en_AU-wav-current/conf-adminmenu-162.mp3	en_AU	Please press 1 to mute or unmute yourself, 2 to lock or unlock the conference, 3 to eject the last user, 4 or 6 to decrease or increase the conference volume, 5 to extend the conference, 7 or 9 to decrease or increase your volume, or 8 to exit.
asterisk-core-sounds-en_AU-wav-current/conf-confno.mp3	en_AU	(Surprise! No transcription available)
asterisk-core-sounds-en_AU-wav-current/conf-enteringno.mp3	en_AU	You are entering conference number
asterisk-core-sounds-en_AU-wav-current/conf-extended.mp3	en_AU	The conference has been extended.
asterisk-core-sounds-en_AU-wav-current/conf-getchannel.mp3	en_AU	Please enter the channel number followed by the hash key.
asterisk-core-sounds-en_AU-wav-current/conf-getconfno.mp3	en_AU	Please enter your conference number followed by the hash key.
asterisk-core-sounds-en_AU-wav-current/conf-getpin.mp3	en_AU	Please enter the conference pin number.
asterisk-core-sounds-en_AU-wav-current/conf-hasleft.mp3	en_AU	has left the conference.
asterisk-core-sounds-en_AU-wav-current/conf-invalid.mp3	en_AU	That is not a valid conference number.  Please try again.
asterisk-core-sounds-en_AU-wav-current/conf-invalidpin.mp3	en_AU	That pin is invalid for this conference.
asterisk-core-sounds-en_AU-wav-current/conf-kicked.mp3	en_AU	You have been kicked from this conference
asterisk-core-sounds-en_AU-wav-current/conf-leaderhasleft.mp3	en_AU	The leader has left the conference.
asterisk-core-sounds-en_AU-wav-current/conf-lockednow.mp3	en_AU	The conference is now locked
asterisk-core-sounds-en_AU-wav-current/conf-nonextended.mp3	en_AU	The conference cannot be extended.
asterisk-core-sounds-en_AU-wav-current/conf-noempty.mp3	en_AU	No empty conferences currently exist.
asterisk-core-sounds-en_AU-wav-current/conf-onlyone.mp3	en_AU	There is currently one other participant in the conference.
asterisk-core-sounds-en_AU-wav-current/conf-onlyperson.mp3	en_AU	You are currently the only person in this conference.
asterisk-core-sounds-en_AU-wav-current/conf-otherinparty.mp3	en_AU	other participants in the conference
asterisk-core-sounds-en_AU-wav-current/conf-placeintoconf.mp3	en_AU	You will now be placed into the conference.
asterisk-core-sounds-en_AU-wav-current/conf-unlockednow.mp3	en_AU	The conference is now unlocked
asterisk-core-sounds-en_AU-wav-current/conf-unmuted.mp3	en_AU	You are now unmuted
asterisk-core-sounds-en_AU-wav-current/conf-usermenu.mp3	en_AU	Please press 1 to mute or unmute yourself, 4 or 6 to decrease or increase the conference volume, 7 or 9 to decrease or increase your volume, or 8 to exit
asterisk-core-sounds-en_AU-wav-current/conf-usermenu-162.mp3	en_AU	Please press 1 to mute or unmute yourself, 4 or 6 to decrease or increase the conference volume, 5 to extend the conference, 7 or 9 to decrease or increase your volume, or 8 to exit.
asterisk-core-sounds-en_AU-wav-current/conf-userswilljoin.mp3	en_AU	users will join the conference.
asterisk-core-sounds-en_AU-wav-current/conf-userwilljoin.mp3	en_AU	user will join the conference.
asterisk-core-sounds-en_AU-wav-current/conf-waitforleader.mp3	en_AU	The conference will begin when the leader arrives.
asterisk-core-sounds-en_AU-wav-current/confbridge-begin-glorious-a.mp3	en_AU	the conference will begin when our glorious leader arrives
asterisk-core-sounds-en_AU-wav-current/confbridge-begin-glorious-b.mp3	en_AU	the conference will begin when our glorious leader arrives
asterisk-core-sounds-en_AU-wav-current/confbridge-begin-glorious-c.mp3	en_AU	the conference will begin when our glorious leader arrives
asterisk-core-sounds-en_AU-wav-current/confbridge-conf-begin.mp3	en_AU	the conference will now begin
asterisk-core-sounds-en_AU-wav-current/confbridge-conf-end.mp3	en_AU	the conference has ended
asterisk-core-sounds-en_AU-wav-current/confbridge-dec-list-vol-in.mp3	en_AU	To decrease the audio volume from other participants...
asterisk-core-sounds-en_AU-wav-current/confbridge-dec-list-vol-out.mp3	en_AU	...to decrease the audio volume from other participants.
asterisk-core-sounds-en_AU-wav-current/confbridge-dec-talk-vol-in.mp3	en_AU	To decrease your speaking volume to other participants...
asterisk-core-sounds-en_AU-wav-current/confbridge-dec-talk-vol-out.mp3	en_AU	...to decrease your speaking volume to other participants.
asterisk-core-sounds-en_AU-wav-current/confbridge-has-joined.mp3	en_AU	...has joined the conference.
asterisk-core-sounds-en_AU-wav-current/confbridge-has-left.mp3	en_AU	...has left the conference.
asterisk-core-sounds-en_AU-wav-current/confbridge-inc-list-vol-in.mp3	en_AU	To increase the audio volume from other participants...
asterisk-core-sounds-en_AU-wav-current/confbridge-inc-list-vol-out.mp3	en_AU	...to increase the audio volume from other participants.
asterisk-core-sounds-en_AU-wav-current/confbridge-inc-talk-vol-in.mp3	en_AU	To increase your speaking volume to other participants...
asterisk-core-sounds-en_AU-wav-current/confbridge-inc-talk-vol-out.mp3	en_AU	...to increase your speaking volume to other participants.
asterisk-core-sounds-en_AU-wav-current/confbridge-invalid.mp3	en_AU	You have entered an invalid option.
asterisk-core-sounds-en_AU-wav-current/confbridge-leave-in.mp3	en_AU	To leave the conference...
asterisk-core-sounds-en_AU-wav-current/confbridge-leave-out.mp3	en_AU	...to leave the conference.
asterisk-core-sounds-en_AU-wav-current/confbridge-locked.mp3	en_AU	The conference is now locked.
asterisk-core-sounds-en_AU-wav-current/confbridge-lock-extended.mp3	en_AU	...to lock, or unlock the conference. When a conference is locked only conference administrators can join.
asterisk-core-sounds-en_AU-wav-current/confbridge-lock-in.mp3	en_AU	To lock, or unlock the conference...
asterisk-core-sounds-en_AU-wav-current/confbridge-lock-no-join.mp3	en_AU	The conference is currently locked and cannot be joined.
asterisk-core-sounds-en_AU-wav-current/confbridge-lock-out.mp3	en_AU	...to lock, or unlock the conference.
asterisk-core-sounds-en_AU-wav-current/confbridge-menu-exit-in.mp3	en_AU	To exit the menu...
asterisk-core-sounds-en_AU-wav-current/confbridge-menu-exit-out.mp3	en_AU	...to exit the menu.
asterisk-core-sounds-en_AU-wav-current/confbridge-muted.mp3	en_AU	You are now muted.
asterisk-core-sounds-en_AU-wav-current/confbridge-mute-extended.mp3	en_AU	...to mute, or unmute yourself. When you are muted you can not send audio to other participants. However you will still hear audio from other unmuted participants.
asterisk-core-sounds-en_AU-wav-current/confbridge-mute-in.mp3	en_AU	To mute or unmute yourself...
asterisk-core-sounds-en_AU-wav-current/confbridge-mute-out.mp3	en_AU	...to mute or unmute yourself.
asterisk-core-sounds-en_AU-wav-current/confbridge-only-one.mp3	en_AU	There is currently one other participant in the conference.
asterisk-core-sounds-en_AU-wav-current/confbridge-only-participant.mp3	en_AU	You are currently the only participant in the conference.
asterisk-core-sounds-en_AU-wav-current/confbridge-participants.mp3	en_AU	...participants in the conference.
asterisk-core-sounds-en_AU-wav-current/confbridge-pin.mp3	en_AU	Please enter your personal identification number followed by the pound, or hash key.
asterisk-core-sounds-en_AU-wav-current/confbridge-pin-bad.mp3	en_AU	You have entered too many invalid personal identification numbers.
asterisk-core-sounds-en_AU-wav-current/confbridge-removed.mp3	en_AU	You have been removed from the conference.
asterisk-core-sounds-en_AU-wav-current/confbridge-remove-last-in.mp3	en_AU	To remove the participant who most recently joined the conference...
asterisk-core-sounds-en_AU-wav-current/confbridge-remove-last-out.mp3	en_AU	...to remove the participant who most recently joined the conference.
asterisk-core-sounds-en_AU-wav-current/confbridge-rest-list-vol-in.mp3	en_AU	To reset the audio volume of the conference to the default level...
asterisk-core-sounds-en_AU-wav-current/confbridge-rest-list-vol-out.mp3	en_AU	...to reset the audio volume of the conference to the default level.
asterisk-core-sounds-en_AU-wav-current/confbridge-rest-talk-vol-in.mp3	en_AU	To reset your speaking volume to the default level...
asterisk-core-sounds-en_AU-wav-current/confbridge-rest-talk-vol-out.mp3	en_AU	...to reset your speaking volume to the default level.
asterisk-core-sounds-en_AU-wav-current/confbridge-unlocked.mp3	en_AU	The conference is now unlocked.
asterisk-core-sounds-en_AU-wav-current/confbridge-unmuted.mp3	en_AU	You are no longer muted.
asterisk-core-sounds-en_AU-wav-current/demo-abouttotry.mp3	en_AU	I am about to attempt an Inter-Asterisk Exchange connection to a demonstration server located at Digium.  In order for this to work you must already be connected to the Internet.  Please wait a moment while I attempt to make the connection.
asterisk-core-sounds-en_AU-wav-current/demo-congrats.mp3	en_AU	Congratulations.  You have successfully installed and executed the Asterisk open source PBX.  You have also installed a set of sample sounds and configuration files that should help you to get started.  Like a normal PBX you will navigate this demonstration by dialing digits.  If you are using a console channel driver instead of a real phone you can use the dial, answer, and hang up commands to simulate the actions of a standard telephone.
asterisk-core-sounds-en_AU-wav-current/demo-echodone.mp3	en_AU	The echo test has been completed.
asterisk-core-sounds-en_AU-wav-current/demo-echotest.mp3	en_AU	You are about to enter an echo test.  In this mode everything you say will be repeated back to you just as soon as it is received.  The purpose of this test is to give you an audible sense of the latency between you and the machine that is running the echo test application.  You may end the test by hanging up or by pressing the hash key.
asterisk-core-sounds-en_AU-wav-current/demo-enterkeywords.mp3	en_AU	Please enter one or more keywords separated by the star key and then press the hash key.
asterisk-core-sounds-en_AU-wav-current/demo-instruct.mp3	en_AU	If you would like to learn more technical information about Asterisk dial 2 now.  If you'd like to test out the voice over IP capabilities of Asterisk you can dial 500 to attempt an Inter-Asterisk Exchange or IAX connection to a demonstration server at Digium.  In order for this test to work you will need to be connected to the Internet and have at least a 28.8 kilobit modem.  To execute an echo test dial 600.  This test is most useful when you have connected to this Asterisk server from a remote location.  The sample configuration also has a single user with extension 1234 and password 4242.  That user is configured to ring the console when their extension is dialed.  If you dial 1234 you can try to ring the console.  If the console is busy or unavailable you will be given the option to leave voicemail.  To check voice mail for the user dial extension 8500 to enter the voicemail system.  Finally,  you can press the hash key to disconnect from the PBX.
asterisk-core-sounds-en_AU-wav-current/demo-moreinfo.mp3	en_AU	Asterisk is an Open Source full-featured PBX and IVR platform that runs on the linux operating system.  For more information, visit www.asterisk.org.
asterisk-core-sounds-en_AU-wav-current/demo-nogo.mp3	en_AU	I am afraid I was unable to create a connection to the Digium demonstration Asterisk server.  You may find some helpful debugging information on the Asterisk console.
asterisk-core-sounds-en_AU-wav-current/demo-nomatch.mp3	en_AU	I'm sorry there are no matches for those keywords
asterisk-core-sounds-en_AU-wav-current/demo-thanks.mp3	en_AU	Goodbye.  Thank you for trying out the Asterisk Open Source PBX.
asterisk-core-sounds-en_AU-wav-current/both_help.mp3	en_AU	press star to toggle pause, press hash to enter a new dictation filename
asterisk-core-sounds-en_AU-wav-current/enter_filename.mp3	en_AU	Enter a numeric dictation filename followed by hash or just hash to exit
asterisk-core-sounds-en_AU-wav-current/play_help.mp3	en_AU	press 1 to switch to record mode, press 2 to toggle fast playback, press 7 to jump backwards, press 8 to jump forwards
asterisk-core-sounds-en_AU-wav-current/record_help.mp3	en_AU	press 1 to switch to playback mode, press 8 to truncate the file and start over
asterisk-core-sounds-en_AU-wav-current/dir-firstlast.mp3	en_AU	... letters of your party's first or last name.
asterisk-core-sounds-en_AU-wav-current/dir-last.mp3	en_AU	... letters of your party's last name.
asterisk-core-sounds-en_AU-wav-current/dir-multi9.mp3	en_AU	Press 9 for more entries.
asterisk-core-sounds-en_AU-wav-current/dir-pls-enter.mp3	en_AU	Please enter the first ...
asterisk-core-sounds-en_AU-wav-current/dir-usingkeypad.mp3	en_AU	... using your touchtone keypad. Use the 7 key for Q, and the 9 key for Z.
asterisk-core-sounds-en_AU-wav-current/dir-instr.mp3	en_AU	If this is the person you are looking for press 1 now, otherwise please press star now.
asterisk-core-sounds-en_AU-wav-current/dir-intro-fn.mp3	en_AU	Welcome to the directory.  Please enter the first three letters of your party's first name using your touch tone keypad.  Use the 7 key for Q and the 9 key for Z.
asterisk-core-sounds-en_AU-wav-current/dir-intro.mp3	en_AU	Welcome to the directory.  Please enter the first three letters of your party's last name using your touch tone keypad.  Use the 7 key for Q and the 9 key for Z.
asterisk-core-sounds-en_AU-wav-current/dir-nomatch.mp3	en_AU	No directory entries match your search.
asterisk-core-sounds-en_AU-wav-current/dir-nomore.mp3	en_AU	There are no more compatible entries in the directory.
asterisk-core-sounds-en_AU-wav-current/invalid.mp3	en_AU	I am sorry, that's not a valid extension.  Please try again.
asterisk-core-sounds-en_AU-wav-current/lowercase.mp3	en_AU	lowercase.
asterisk-core-sounds-en_AU-wav-current/pbx-invalid.mp3	en_AU	I am sorry, that's not a valid extension.  Please try again.
asterisk-core-sounds-en_AU-wav-current/pbx-invalidpark.mp3	en_AU	I am sorry, there is no call parked on that extension.  Please try again.
asterisk-core-sounds-en_AU-wav-current/priv-callee-options.mp3	en_AU	Dial 1 if you wish this caller to reach you directly now, and in the future.  Dial 2 if you wish to send this caller to voicemail now and forevermore.  Dial 3 to send this caller to the torture menus, now and forevermore.  Dial 4 to send this caller to a polite "don't call" menu, now and forevermore.  Dial 5 to allow this caller to come straight thru to you in the future, but just this once, send them to voicemail.
asterisk-core-sounds-en_AU-wav-current/priv-callpending.mp3	en_AU	I have a caller waiting, who introduces themselves as:
asterisk-core-sounds-en_AU-wav-current/priv-introsaved.mp3	en_AU	Thank you. Please hold, while I attempt to connect you with your party!
asterisk-core-sounds-en_AU-wav-current/priv-recordintro.mp3	en_AU	At the tone, please say your name.
asterisk-core-sounds-en_AU-wav-current/privacy-incorrect.mp3	en_AU	I'm sorry, that number is not valid.
asterisk-core-sounds-en_AU-wav-current/privacy-prompt.mp3	en_AU	Please enter your phone number, starting with the area code.
asterisk-core-sounds-en_AU-wav-current/privacy-unident.mp3	en_AU	The party you are trying to reach does not accept unidentified calls.
asterisk-core-sounds-en_AU-wav-current/queue-callswaiting.mp3	en_AU	Waiting to speak with a representative
asterisk-core-sounds-en_AU-wav-current/queue-holdtime.mp3	en_AU	The estimated hold time is currently
asterisk-core-sounds-en_AU-wav-current/queue-periodic-announce.mp3	en_AU	All of our represenatives are currently busy. Please stay on the line and your call will be answered by the next available representative.
asterisk-core-sounds-en_AU-wav-current/queue-thankyou.mp3	en_AU	Thank you for your patience
asterisk-core-sounds-en_AU-wav-current/queue-thereare.mp3	en_AU	You are currently caller number
asterisk-core-sounds-en_AU-wav-current/queue-youarenext.mp3	en_AU	Your call is now first in line and will be answered by the next available representative.
asterisk-core-sounds-en_AU-wav-current/screen-callee-options.mp3	en_AU	You have these options: Dial 1 if you wish to immediately connect to the incoming call.  Dial 2 if you wish to send this caller to voicemail.  Dial 3 to send this caller to the torture menus.  Dial 4 to send this caller to a polite "don't call" menu.
asterisk-core-sounds-en_AU-wav-current/ss-noservice.mp3	en_AU	The number you have dialed is not in service. Please check the number and try again.
asterisk-core-sounds-en_AU-wav-current/transfer.mp3	en_AU	Please hold while I try that extension.
asterisk-core-sounds-en_AU-wav-current/tt-allbusy.mp3	en_AU	All representatives of the household are currently assisting other telemarketers.  Please hold and your call will be answered in the order it was received.
asterisk-core-sounds-en_AU-wav-current/tt-monkeys.mp3	en_AU	[sound of monkeys screaming]
asterisk-core-sounds-en_AU-wav-current/tt-monkeysintro.mp3	en_AU	They have been carried away by monkeys
asterisk-core-sounds-en_AU-wav-current/tt-somethingwrong.mp3	en_AU	Something is terribly wrong
asterisk-core-sounds-en_AU-wav-current/tt-weasels.mp3	en_AU	Weasels have eaten our phone system
asterisk-core-sounds-en_AU-wav-current/uppercase.mp3	en_AU	uppercase.
asterisk-core-sounds-en_AU-wav-current/queue-quantity1.mp3	en_AU	Currently, there are more than ...
asterisk-core-sounds-en_AU-wav-current/queue-quantity2.mp3	en_AU	... callers waiting to speak with a representative.
asterisk-core-sounds-en_AU-wav-current/vm-advopts.mp3	en_AU	press 3 for advanced options
asterisk-core-sounds-en_AU-wav-current/vm-calldiffnum.mp3	en_AU	press 2 to enter a different number
asterisk-core-sounds-en_AU-wav-current/vm-delete.mp3	en_AU	Press 7 to delete this message.
asterisk-core-sounds-en_AU-wav-current/vm-dialout.mp3	en_AU	please wait while i connect your call
asterisk-core-sounds-en_AU-wav-current/vm-duration.mp3	en_AU	This message lasts ...
asterisk-core-sounds-en_AU-wav-current/vm-enter-num-to-call.mp3	en_AU	please enter the number you wish to call
asterisk-core-sounds-en_AU-wav-current/vm-forward.mp3	en_AU	Press 1 to enter an extension, press 2 to use the directory
asterisk-core-sounds-en_AU-wav-current/vm-forwardoptions.mp3	en_AU	press 1 to prepend a message or 2 to forward the message without prepending
asterisk-core-sounds-en_AU-wav-current/vm-forward-multiple.mp3	en_AU	press 1 to send this message, or 2 to add another recipient.
asterisk-core-sounds-en_AU-wav-current/vm-from-phonenumber.mp3	en_AU	message from phone number
asterisk-core-sounds-en_AU-wav-current/vm-helpexit.mp3	en_AU	Press star for help or hash to exit.
asterisk-core-sounds-en_AU-wav-current/vm-incorrect-mailbox.mp3	en_AU	Login incorrect.  Mailbox?
asterisk-core-sounds-en_AU-wav-current/vm-instructions.mp3	en_AU	To look into your messages press 1 now.  You may quit voicemail at any time by pressing the hash key.
asterisk-core-sounds-en_AU-wav-current/vm-intro.mp3	en_AU	Please leave your message after the tone.  When done hang up or press the hash key. (simple tone sound plays)
asterisk-core-sounds-en_AU-wav-current/vm-invalid-password.mp3	en_AU	That password does not meet the minimum requirements for this mailbox.  Please try again.
asterisk-core-sounds-en_AU-wav-current/vm-invalidpassword.mp3	en_AU	That is not a valid password.  Please try again.
asterisk-core-sounds-en_AU-wav-current/vm-leavemsg.mp3	en_AU	Press 5 to leave a message
asterisk-core-sounds-en_AU-wav-current/vm-login.mp3	en_AU	Comedian Mail.  Mailbox?
asterisk-core-sounds-en_AU-wav-current/vm-mailboxfull.mp3	en_AU	sorry but the user's mail box can't accept more messages
asterisk-core-sounds-en_AU-wav-current/vm-marked-nonurgent.mp3	en_AU	Urgent status removed.
asterisk-core-sounds-en_AU-wav-current/vm-marked-urgent.mp3	en_AU	Message marked urgent.
asterisk-core-sounds-en_AU-wav-current/vm-mismatch.mp3	en_AU	The passwords you entered and re-entered did not match.  Please try again.
asterisk-core-sounds-en_AU-wav-current/vm-msgforwarded.mp3	en_AU	Your message has been succesfully forwarded.
asterisk-core-sounds-en_AU-wav-current/vm-msginstruct.mp3	en_AU	To hear the next message press 6, to repeat this message press 5, to hear the previous message press 4, to delete or undelete this message press zero, to quit voicemail press hash.
asterisk-core-sounds-en_AU-wav-current/vm-msgsaved.mp3	en_AU	Your message has been saved.
asterisk-core-sounds-en_AU-wav-current/vm-newpassword.mp3	en_AU	Please enter your new password followed by the hash key.
asterisk-core-sounds-en_AU-wav-current/vm-newuser.mp3	en_AU	Welcome to Comedian Mail. First, I will guide you through a short setup process.
asterisk-core-sounds-en_AU-wav-current/vm-next.mp3	en_AU	Press 6 to play the next message.
asterisk-core-sounds-en_AU-wav-current/vm-nobodyavail.mp3	en_AU	Nobody is available to take your call at the moment
asterisk-core-sounds-en_AU-wav-current/vm-nobox.mp3	en_AU	you cannot reply to this message because the sender does not have a mailbox
asterisk-core-sounds-en_AU-wav-current/vm-nonumber.mp3	en_AU	i'm afraid i don't know who sent this message
asterisk-core-sounds-en_AU-wav-current/vm-num-i-have.mp3	en_AU	the number i have is
asterisk-core-sounds-en_AU-wav-current/vm-onefor-full.mp3	en_AU	Press one to listen to ...
asterisk-core-sounds-en_AU-wav-current/vm-opts-full.mp3	en_AU	press 2 to access messages saved in other folders.  Press 3 to record a message for another mailbox.  Press 0 for greetings and password management.
asterisk-core-sounds-en_AU-wav-current/vm-options.mp3	en_AU	Press 1 to record your unavailable message, press 2 to record your busy message, press 3 to record your name, press 4 to record your temporary greeting, press 5 to change your password, press star to return to the main menu.
asterisk-core-sounds-en_AU-wav-current/vm-opts.mp3	en_AU	Press 2 to change folders, press 3 for advanced options, press zero for mailbox options.
asterisk-core-sounds-en_AU-wav-current/vm-passchanged.mp3	en_AU	Your passwords have been changed.
asterisk-core-sounds-en_AU-wav-current/vm-prev.mp3	en_AU	Press 4 for the previous message
asterisk-core-sounds-en_AU-wav-current/vm-reachoper.mp3	en_AU	press 0 to reach an operator
asterisk-core-sounds-en_AU-wav-current/vm-rec-busy.mp3	en_AU	After the tone say your busy message and then press the hash key.
asterisk-core-sounds-en_AU-wav-current/vm-rec-name.mp3	en_AU	After the tone say your name and then press the hash key.
asterisk-core-sounds-en_AU-wav-current/vm-rec-temp.mp3	en_AU	After the tone, say your temporary message, and then press the hash key.
asterisk-core-sounds-en_AU-wav-current/vm-rec-unv.mp3	en_AU	After the tone say your unavailable message and then press the hash key.
asterisk-core-sounds-en_AU-wav-current/vm-record-prepend.mp3	en_AU	At the tone, please record an introduction to the forwarded message.  When done, press the pound sign.
asterisk-core-sounds-en_AU-wav-current/vm-review-nonurgent.mp3	en_AU	Press 4 to remove the urgent status of this message.
asterisk-core-sounds-en_AU-wav-current/vm-review-urgent.mp3	en_AU	Press 4 to mark this message as urgent.
asterisk-core-sounds-en_AU-wav-current/vm-reenterpassword.mp3	en_AU	Please re-enter your password followed by the hash key.
asterisk-core-sounds-en_AU-wav-current/vm-repeat.mp3	en_AU	Press 5 to repeat the current message.
asterisk-core-sounds-en_AU-wav-current/vm-review.mp3	en_AU	press 1 to accept this recording press 2 to listen to it press 3 to rerecord your message
asterisk-core-sounds-en_AU-wav-current/vm-savefolder.mp3	en_AU	Which folder should I save the message to?
asterisk-core-sounds-en_AU-wav-current/vm-savemessage.mp3	en_AU	or 9 to save this message
asterisk-core-sounds-en_AU-wav-current/vm-saveoper.mp3	en_AU	press 1 to accept this recording, otherwise, please continue to hold
asterisk-core-sounds-en_AU-wav-current/vm-sorry.mp3	en_AU	I'm sorry I did not understand your response.
asterisk-core-sounds-en_AU-wav-current/vm-starmain.mp3	en_AU	press star to return to the main menu
asterisk-core-sounds-en_AU-wav-current/vm-tempgreetactive.mp3	en_AU	Your temporary greeting is currently active
asterisk-core-sounds-en_AU-wav-current/vm-tempgreeting2.mp3	en_AU	press 1 to record your temporary greeting, or press 2 to erase your temporary greeting
asterisk-core-sounds-en_AU-wav-current/vm-tempgreeting.mp3	en_AU	press 1 to record your temporary greeting
asterisk-core-sounds-en_AU-wav-current/vm-tempremoved.mp3	en_AU	Your temporary greeting has been removed
asterisk-core-sounds-en_AU-wav-current/vm-tmpexists.mp3	en_AU	There is a temporary greeting, which overrides your standard greetings.
asterisk-core-sounds-en_AU-wav-current/vm-tocallback.mp3	en_AU	press 2 to call the person who sent this message
asterisk-core-sounds-en_AU-wav-current/vm-tocallnum.mp3	en_AU	press 1 to call this number
asterisk-core-sounds-en_AU-wav-current/vm-tocancelmsg.mp3	en_AU	press star to cancel this message
asterisk-core-sounds-en_AU-wav-current/vm-toenternumber.mp3	en_AU	press 1 to enter a number
asterisk-core-sounds-en_AU-wav-current/vm-toforward.mp3	en_AU	Press 8 to forward the message to another user
asterisk-core-sounds-en_AU-wav-current/vm-tohearenv.mp3	en_AU	press 3 to hear the message envelope
asterisk-core-sounds-en_AU-wav-current/vm-tomakecall.mp3	en_AU	press 4 to place an outgoing call
asterisk-core-sounds-en_AU-wav-current/vm-tooshort.mp3	en_AU	your message is too short
asterisk-core-sounds-en_AU-wav-current/vm-toreply.mp3	en_AU	press 1 to send a reply
asterisk-core-sounds-en_AU-wav-current/vm-torerecord.mp3	en_AU	press 3 to rerecord your message
asterisk-core-sounds-en_AU-wav-current/vm-undelete.mp3	en_AU	Press 7 to undelete this message
asterisk-core-sounds-en_AU-wav-current/vm-unknown-caller.mp3	en_AU	from an unknown caller
asterisk-core-sounds-en_AU-wav-current/vm-whichbox.mp3	en_AU	To leave a message, please enter a mailbox number.
asterisk-core-sounds-en_NZ-wav-current/agent-alreadyon.mp3	en_NZ	That agent is already logged on.  Please enter your agent number followed by the pound key.
asterisk-core-sounds-en_NZ-wav-current/agent-incorrect.mp3	en_NZ	Login incorrect.  Please enter your agent number followed by the pound key.
asterisk-core-sounds-en_NZ-wav-current/agent-loggedoff.mp3	en_NZ	Agent Logged off.
asterisk-core-sounds-en_NZ-wav-current/agent-newlocation.mp3	en_NZ	Please enter a new extension, followed by pound.
asterisk-core-sounds-en_NZ-wav-current/agent-pass.mp3	en_NZ	Please enter your password followed by the pound key.
asterisk-core-sounds-en_NZ-wav-current/agent-user.mp3	en_NZ	Agent login.  Please enter your agent number followed by the pound key.
asterisk-core-sounds-en_NZ-wav-current/all-circuits-busy-now.mp3	en_NZ	All circuits are busy now.
asterisk-core-sounds-en_NZ-wav-current/astcc-followed-by-the-pound-key.mp3	en_NZ	Followed by the hash key.
asterisk-core-sounds-en_NZ-wav-current/at-tone-time-exactly.mp3	en_NZ	At the sound of the tone, the time will be exactly...
asterisk-core-sounds-en_NZ-wav-current/auth-incorrect.mp3	en_NZ	Password incorrect.  Please enter your password followed by the pound key.
asterisk-core-sounds-en_NZ-wav-current/basic-pbx-ivr-main.mp3	en_NZ	Thank you for calling Super Awesome Company, Waldo's premier provider of perfect products. If you know your party's extension, you may dial it at any time. To establish a sales partnership, press one. To speak with a customer advocate, press two. For accounting and other receivables, press three. For a company directory, press four. For an operator, press zero.
asterisk-core-sounds-en_NZ-wav-current/call-fwd-no-ans.mp3	en_NZ	Call-Forward on No Answer.
asterisk-core-sounds-en_NZ-wav-current/call-fwd-on-busy.mp3	en_NZ	Call-Forward on Busy.
asterisk-core-sounds-en_NZ-wav-current/call-fwd-unconditional.mp3	en_NZ	Call-Forward Unconditional.
asterisk-core-sounds-en_NZ-wav-current/cannot-complete-as-dialed.mp3	en_NZ	Your call cannot be completed as dialed.
asterisk-core-sounds-en_NZ-wav-current/check-number-dial-again.mp3	en_NZ	Please check the number and dial again.
asterisk-core-sounds-en_NZ-wav-current/conf-adminmenu-162.mp3	en_NZ	Please press 1 to mute or unmute yourself, 2 to lock or unlock the conference, 3 to eject the last user, 4 or 6 to decrease or increase the conference volume, 5 to extend the conference, 7 or 9 to decrease or increase your volume, or 8 to exit.
asterisk-core-sounds-en_NZ-wav-current/conf-adminmenu-18.mp3	en_NZ	Please press 1 to mute or unmute yourself, 2 to lock or unlock the conference, 3 to eject the last user, 4 or 6 to decrease or increase the conference volume, 5 to extend the conference, 7 or 9 to decrease or increase your volume, or 8 for more options.
asterisk-core-sounds-en_NZ-wav-current/conf-adminmenu-menu8.mp3	en_NZ	Press 1 to list users currently in the conference, 2 to kick all non-administrator users, 3 to mute or umute all non-administrator users, 4 to record this conference, or 8 to exit this menu and return to the conference.
asterisk-core-sounds-en_NZ-wav-current/conf-adminmenu.mp3	en_NZ	Please press 1 to mute or unmute yourself, 2 to lock or unlock the conference, 3 to eject the last user, 4 or 6 to decrease or increase the conference volume, 7 or 9 to decrease or increase your volume, or 8 to exit.
asterisk-core-sounds-en_NZ-wav-current/conf-enteringno.mp3	en_NZ	You are entering conference number
asterisk-core-sounds-en_NZ-wav-current/conf-extended.mp3	en_NZ	The conference has been extended.
asterisk-core-sounds-en_NZ-wav-current/conf-full.mp3	en_NZ	That conference is full.
asterisk-core-sounds-en_NZ-wav-current/conf-getchannel.mp3	en_NZ	Please enter the channel number followed by the pound key.
asterisk-core-sounds-en_NZ-wav-current/conf-getconfno.mp3	en_NZ	Please enter your conference number followed by the pound key.
asterisk-core-sounds-en_NZ-wav-current/conf-getpin.mp3	en_NZ	Please enter the conference pin number.
asterisk-core-sounds-en_NZ-wav-current/conf-hasjoin.mp3	en_NZ	is now in the conference.
asterisk-core-sounds-en_NZ-wav-current/conf-hasleft.mp3	en_NZ	has left the conference.
asterisk-core-sounds-en_NZ-wav-current/conf-invalid.mp3	en_NZ	That is not a valid conference number.  Please try again.
asterisk-core-sounds-en_NZ-wav-current/conf-invalidpin.mp3	en_NZ	That pin is invalid for this conference.
asterisk-core-sounds-en_NZ-wav-current/conf-kicked.mp3	en_NZ	You have been kicked from this conference
asterisk-core-sounds-en_NZ-wav-current/conf-leaderhasleft.mp3	en_NZ	The leader has left the conference.
asterisk-core-sounds-en_NZ-wav-current/conf-locked.mp3	en_NZ	This conference is locked!
asterisk-core-sounds-en_NZ-wav-current/conf-lockednow.mp3	en_NZ	The conference is now locked
asterisk-core-sounds-en_NZ-wav-current/conf-noempty.mp3	en_NZ	No empty conferences currently exist.
asterisk-core-sounds-en_NZ-wav-current/conf-nonextended.mp3	en_NZ	The conference cannot be extended.
asterisk-core-sounds-en_NZ-wav-current/conf-now-muted.mp3	en_NZ	The conference is now muted.
asterisk-core-sounds-en_NZ-wav-current/conf-now-recording.mp3	en_NZ	The conference is now being recorded.
asterisk-core-sounds-en_NZ-wav-current/conf-now-unmuted.mp3	en_NZ	The conference is now unmuted.
asterisk-core-sounds-en_NZ-wav-current/conf-onlyone.mp3	en_NZ	There is currently one other participant in the conference.
asterisk-core-sounds-en_NZ-wav-current/conf-onlyperson.mp3	en_NZ	You are currently the only person in this conference.
asterisk-core-sounds-en_NZ-wav-current/conf-otherinparty.mp3	en_NZ	other participants in the conference
asterisk-core-sounds-en_NZ-wav-current/conf-placeintoconf.mp3	en_NZ	You will now be placed into the conference.
asterisk-core-sounds-en_NZ-wav-current/conf-roll-callcomplete.mp3	en_NZ	Playback of the list of people attending is complete.
asterisk-core-sounds-en_NZ-wav-current/conf-unlockednow.mp3	en_NZ	The conference is now unlocked
asterisk-core-sounds-en_NZ-wav-current/conf-unmuted.mp3	en_NZ	You are now unmuted
asterisk-core-sounds-en_NZ-wav-current/conf-usermenu-162.mp3	en_NZ	Please press 1 to mute or unmute yourself, 4 or 6 to decrease or increase the conference volume, 5 to extend the conference, 7 or 9 to decrease or increase your volume, or 8 to exit this menu and return to the conference.
asterisk-core-sounds-en_NZ-wav-current/conf-usermenu.mp3	en_NZ	Please press 1 to mute or unmute yourself, 4 or 6 to decrease or increase the conference volume, 7 or 9 to decrease or increase your volume, or 8 to exit.
asterisk-core-sounds-en_NZ-wav-current/conf-userswilljoin.mp3	en_NZ	users will join the conference.
asterisk-core-sounds-en_NZ-wav-current/conf-userwilljoin.mp3	en_NZ	user will join the conference.
asterisk-core-sounds-en_NZ-wav-current/conf-waitforleader.mp3	en_NZ	The conference will begin when the leader arrives.
asterisk-core-sounds-en_NZ-wav-current/confbridge-begin-glorious-a.mp3	en_NZ	the conference will begin when our glorious leader arrives
asterisk-core-sounds-en_NZ-wav-current/confbridge-begin-glorious-b.mp3	en_NZ	the conference will begin when our glorious leader arrives
asterisk-core-sounds-en_NZ-wav-current/confbridge-begin-glorious-c.mp3	en_NZ	the conference will begin when our glorious leader arrives
asterisk-core-sounds-en_NZ-wav-current/confbridge-begin-leader.mp3	en_NZ	the conference will begin when the leader arrives
asterisk-core-sounds-en_NZ-wav-current/confbridge-conf-begin.mp3	en_NZ	the conference will now begin
asterisk-core-sounds-en_NZ-wav-current/confbridge-conf-end.mp3	en_NZ	the conference has ended
asterisk-core-sounds-en_NZ-wav-current/confbridge-dec-list-vol-in.mp3	en_NZ	To decrease the audio volume from other participants...
asterisk-core-sounds-en_NZ-wav-current/confbridge-dec-list-vol-out.mp3	en_NZ	...to decrease the audio volume from other participants.
asterisk-core-sounds-en_NZ-wav-current/confbridge-dec-talk-vol-in.mp3	en_NZ	To decrease your speaking volume to other participants...
asterisk-core-sounds-en_NZ-wav-current/confbridge-dec-talk-vol-out.mp3	en_NZ	...to decrease your speaking volume to other participants.
asterisk-core-sounds-en_NZ-wav-current/confbridge-has-joined.mp3	en_NZ	...has joined the conference.
asterisk-core-sounds-en_NZ-wav-current/confbridge-has-left.mp3	en_NZ	...has left the conference.
asterisk-core-sounds-en_NZ-wav-current/confbridge-inc-list-vol-in.mp3	en_NZ	To increase the audio volume from other participants...
asterisk-core-sounds-en_NZ-wav-current/confbridge-inc-list-vol-out.mp3	en_NZ	...to increase the audio volume from other participants.
asterisk-core-sounds-en_NZ-wav-current/confbridge-inc-talk-vol-in.mp3	en_NZ	To increase your speaking volume to other participants...
asterisk-core-sounds-en_NZ-wav-current/confbridge-inc-talk-vol-out.mp3	en_NZ	...to increase your speaking volume to other participants.
asterisk-core-sounds-en_NZ-wav-current/confbridge-invalid.mp3	en_NZ	You have entered an invalid option.
asterisk-core-sounds-en_NZ-wav-current/confbridge-leave-out.mp3	en_NZ	...to leave the conference.
asterisk-core-sounds-en_NZ-wav-current/confbridge-lock-extended.mp3	en_NZ	...to lock, or unlock the conference. When a conference is locked only conference administrators can join.
asterisk-core-sounds-en_NZ-wav-current/confbridge-lock-in.mp3	en_NZ	To lock, or unlock the conference...
asterisk-core-sounds-en_NZ-wav-current/confbridge-lock-no-join.mp3	en_NZ	The conference is currently locked and cannot be joined.
asterisk-core-sounds-en_NZ-wav-current/confbridge-lock-out.mp3	en_NZ	...to lock, or unlock the conference.
asterisk-core-sounds-en_NZ-wav-current/confbridge-locked.mp3	en_NZ	The conference is now locked.
asterisk-core-sounds-en_NZ-wav-current/confbridge-menu-exit-in.mp3	en_NZ	To exit the menu...
asterisk-core-sounds-en_NZ-wav-current/confbridge-menu-exit-out.mp3	en_NZ	...to exit the menu.
asterisk-core-sounds-en_NZ-wav-current/confbridge-mute-extended.mp3	en_NZ	...to mute, or unmute yourself. When you are muted you can not send audio to other participants. However you will still hear audio from other unmuted participants.
asterisk-core-sounds-en_NZ-wav-current/confbridge-mute-in.mp3	en_NZ	To mute or unmute yourself...
asterisk-core-sounds-en_NZ-wav-current/confbridge-mute-out.mp3	en_NZ	...to mute or unmute yourself.
asterisk-core-sounds-en_NZ-wav-current/confbridge-muted.mp3	en_NZ	You are now muted.
asterisk-core-sounds-en_NZ-wav-current/confbridge-only-one.mp3	en_NZ	There is currently one other participant in the conference.
asterisk-core-sounds-en_NZ-wav-current/confbridge-only-participant.mp3	en_NZ	You are currently the only participant in the conference.
asterisk-core-sounds-en_NZ-wav-current/confbridge-participants.mp3	en_NZ	...participants in the conference.
asterisk-core-sounds-en_NZ-wav-current/confbridge-pin-bad.mp3	en_NZ	You have entered too many invalid personal identification numbers.
asterisk-core-sounds-en_NZ-wav-current/confbridge-pin.mp3	en_NZ	Please enter your personal identification number followed by the pound, or hash key.
asterisk-core-sounds-en_NZ-wav-current/confbridge-remove-last-in.mp3	en_NZ	To remove the participant who most recently joined the conference...
asterisk-core-sounds-en_NZ-wav-current/confbridge-remove-last-out.mp3	en_NZ	...to remove the participant who most recently joined the conference.
asterisk-core-sounds-en_NZ-wav-current/confbridge-removed.mp3	en_NZ	You have been removed from the conference.
asterisk-core-sounds-en_NZ-wav-current/confbridge-rest-list-vol-in.mp3	en_NZ	To reset the audio volume of the conference to the default level...
asterisk-core-sounds-en_NZ-wav-current/confbridge-rest-list-vol-out.mp3	en_NZ	...to reset the audio volume of the conference to the default level.
asterisk-core-sounds-en_NZ-wav-current/confbridge-rest-talk-vol-in.mp3	en_NZ	To reset your speaking volume to the default level...
asterisk-core-sounds-en_NZ-wav-current/confbridge-rest-talk-vol-out.mp3	en_NZ	...to reset your speaking volume to the default level.
asterisk-core-sounds-en_NZ-wav-current/confbridge-there-are.mp3	en_NZ	There are currently...
asterisk-core-sounds-en_NZ-wav-current/confbridge-unlocked.mp3	en_NZ	The conference is now unlocked.
asterisk-core-sounds-en_NZ-wav-current/confbridge-unmuted.mp3	en_NZ	You are no longer muted.
asterisk-core-sounds-en_NZ-wav-current/demo-abouttotry.mp3	en_NZ	I am about to attempt an Inter-Asterisk Exchange connection to a demonstration server located at Digium.  In order for this to work you must already be connected to the Internet.  Please wait a moment while I attempt to make the connection.
asterisk-core-sounds-en_NZ-wav-current/demo-congrats.mp3	en_NZ	Congratulations.  You have successfully installed and executed the Asterisk open source PBX.  You have also installed a set of sample sounds and configuration files that should help you to get started.  Like a normal PBX you will navigate this demonstration by dialing digits.  If you are using a console channel driver instead of a real phone you can use the dial, answer, and hang up commands to simulate the actions of a standard telephone.
asterisk-core-sounds-en_NZ-wav-current/demo-echodone.mp3	en_NZ	The echo test has been completed.
asterisk-core-sounds-en_NZ-wav-current/demo-echotest.mp3	en_NZ	You are about to enter an echo test.  In this mode everything you say will be repeated back to you just as soon as it is received.  The purpose of this test is to give you an audible sense of the latency between you and the machine that is running the echo test application.  You may end the test by hanging up or by pressing the pound key.
asterisk-core-sounds-en_NZ-wav-current/demo-enterkeywords.mp3	en_NZ	Please enter one or more keywords separated by * and then press the pound key.
asterisk-core-sounds-en_NZ-wav-current/demo-instruct.mp3	en_NZ	If you would like to learn more technical information about Asterisk dial 2 now.  If you'd like to test out the voice over IP capabilities of Asterisk you can dial 500 to attempt an Inter-Asterisk Exchange or IAX connection to a demonstration server at Digium.  In order for this test to work you will need to be connected to the Internet and have at least a 28.8 kilobit modem.  To execute an echo test dial 600.  This test is most useful when you have connected to this Asterisk server from a remote location.  The sample configuration also has a single user with extension 1234 and password 4242.  That user is configured to ring the console when their extension is dialed.  If you dial 1234 you can try to ring the console.  If the console is busy or unavailable you will be given the option to leave voicemail.  To check voice mail for the user dial extension 8500 to enter the voicemail system.  Finally,  you can press the pound key to disconnect from the PBX.
asterisk-core-sounds-en_NZ-wav-current/demo-moreinfo.mp3	en_NZ	Asterisk is an Open Source full-featured PBX and IVR platform that runs on the linux operating system.  For more information, visit www.asterisk.org.
asterisk-core-sounds-en_NZ-wav-current/demo-nogo.mp3	en_NZ	I am afraid I was unable to create a connection to the Digium demonstration Asterisk server.  You may find some helpful debugging information on the Asterisk console.
asterisk-core-sounds-en_NZ-wav-current/demo-nomatch.mp3	en_NZ	I'm sorry there are no matches for those keywords
asterisk-core-sounds-en_NZ-wav-current/demo-thanks.mp3	en_NZ	Goodbye.  Thank you for trying out the Asterisk Open Source PBX.
asterisk-core-sounds-en_NZ-wav-current/both_help.mp3	en_NZ	press * to toggle pause, press # to enter a new dictation filename
asterisk-core-sounds-en_NZ-wav-current/enter_filename.mp3	en_NZ	Enter a numeric dictation filename followed by # or just # to exit
asterisk-core-sounds-en_NZ-wav-current/play_help.mp3	en_NZ	press 1 to switch to record mode, press 2 to toggle fast playback, press 7 to jump backwards, press 8 to jump forwards
asterisk-core-sounds-en_NZ-wav-current/record_help.mp3	en_NZ	press 1 to switch to playback mode, press 8 to truncate the file and start over
asterisk-core-sounds-en_NZ-wav-current/truncating_audio.mp3	en_NZ	truncating audio
asterisk-core-sounds-en_NZ-wav-current/dir-first.mp3	en_NZ	letters of your party's first name.
asterisk-core-sounds-en_NZ-wav-current/dir-firstlast.mp3	en_NZ	... letters of your party's first or last name.
asterisk-core-sounds-en_NZ-wav-current/dir-instr.mp3	en_NZ	If this is the person you are looking for press 1 now, otherwise please press star now.
asterisk-core-sounds-en_NZ-wav-current/dir-intro-fn.mp3	en_NZ	Welcome to the directory.  Please enter the first three letters of your party's first name using your touch tone keypad.  Use the 7 key for Q and the 9 key for Z.
asterisk-core-sounds-en_NZ-wav-current/dir-intro.mp3	en_NZ	Welcome to the directory.  Please enter the first three letters of your party's last name using your touch tone keypad.  Use the 7 key for Q and the 9 key for Z.
asterisk-core-sounds-en_NZ-wav-current/dir-last.mp3	en_NZ	... letters of your party's last name.
asterisk-core-sounds-en_NZ-wav-current/dir-multi9.mp3	en_NZ	Press 9 for more entries.
asterisk-core-sounds-en_NZ-wav-current/dir-nomatch.mp3	en_NZ	No directory entries match your search.
asterisk-core-sounds-en_NZ-wav-current/dir-nomore.mp3	en_NZ	There are no more compatible entries in the directory.
asterisk-core-sounds-en_NZ-wav-current/dir-usingkeypad.mp3	en_NZ	... using your touchtone keypad.  Use the 7 key for Q, and the 9 key for Z.
asterisk-core-sounds-en_NZ-wav-current/dir-welcome.mp3	en_NZ	Welcome to the directory
asterisk-core-sounds-en_NZ-wav-current/enter-num-blacklist.mp3	en_NZ	Please enter the number to be blacklisted.
asterisk-core-sounds-en_NZ-wav-current/entr-num-rmv-blklist.mp3	en_NZ	Please enter the number to be removed from the blacklist.
asterisk-core-sounds-en_NZ-wav-current/feature-not-avail-line.mp3	en_NZ	That feature is not available on this line.
asterisk-core-sounds-en_NZ-wav-current/call-from.mp3	en_NZ	incoming call from
asterisk-core-sounds-en_NZ-wav-current/no-recording.mp3	en_NZ	you have an incoming call
asterisk-core-sounds-en_NZ-wav-current/options.mp3	en_NZ	press 1 to accept this call, or 2 to reject it
asterisk-core-sounds-en_NZ-wav-current/pls-hold-while-try.mp3	en_NZ	please hold while I try to locate the person you are calling
asterisk-core-sounds-en_NZ-wav-current/sorry.mp3	en_NZ	I'm sorry, but I was unable to locate the person you are calling
asterisk-core-sounds-en_NZ-wav-current/status.mp3	en_NZ	the person you are calling is not at their desk; I will try to locate them for you
asterisk-core-sounds-en_NZ-wav-current/from-unknown-caller.mp3	en_NZ	From an unknown caller.
asterisk-core-sounds-en_NZ-wav-current/if-correct-press.mp3	en_NZ	If this is correct, press...
asterisk-core-sounds-en_NZ-wav-current/info-about-last-call.mp3	en_NZ	Information about your last call.
asterisk-core-sounds-en_NZ-wav-current/invalid.mp3	en_NZ	I am sorry, that's not a valid extension.  Please try again.
asterisk-core-sounds-en_NZ-wav-current/ascii40.mp3	en_NZ	open parenthesis
asterisk-core-sounds-en_NZ-wav-current/ascii41.mp3	en_NZ	close parenthesis
asterisk-core-sounds-en_NZ-wav-current/exclaimation-point.mp3	en_NZ	exclaimation-point [!]
asterisk-core-sounds-en_NZ-wav-current/num-was-successfully.mp3	en_NZ	The number was successfully...
asterisk-core-sounds-en_NZ-wav-current/number-not-answering.mp3	en_NZ	The number is not answering.
asterisk-core-sounds-en_NZ-wav-current/pbx-invalid.mp3	en_NZ	I am sorry, that's not a valid extension.  Please try again.
asterisk-core-sounds-en_NZ-wav-current/pbx-invalidpark.mp3	en_NZ	I am sorry, there is no call parked on that extension.  Please try again.
asterisk-core-sounds-en_NZ-wav-current/pbx-parkingfailed.mp3	en_NZ	Parking attempt failed.
asterisk-core-sounds-en_NZ-wav-current/please-try-call-later.mp3	en_NZ	Please try your call again later.
asterisk-core-sounds-en_NZ-wav-current/pls-hold-while-try.mp3	en_NZ	Please hold while we try to connect you.
asterisk-core-sounds-en_NZ-wav-current/pm-invalid-option.mp3	en_NZ	That option is invalid. Please try again.
asterisk-core-sounds-en_NZ-wav-current/priv-callee-options.mp3	en_NZ	Dial 1 if you wish this caller to reach you directly now, and in the future.  Dial 2 if you wish to send this caller to voicemail now and forevermore.  Dial 3 to send this caller to the torture menus, now and forevermore.  Dial 4 to send this caller to a polite "don't call" menu, now and forevermore.  Dial 5 to allow this caller to come straight thru to you in the future, but just this once, send them to voicemail.
asterisk-core-sounds-en_NZ-wav-current/priv-callpending.mp3	en_NZ	I have a caller waiting, who introduces themselves as:
asterisk-core-sounds-en_NZ-wav-current/priv-introsaved.mp3	en_NZ	Thank you. Please hold, while I attempt to connect you with your party!
asterisk-core-sounds-en_NZ-wav-current/priv-recordintro.mp3	en_NZ	At the tone, please say your name.
asterisk-core-sounds-en_NZ-wav-current/privacy-incorrect.mp3	en_NZ	I'm sorry, that number is not valid.
asterisk-core-sounds-en_NZ-wav-current/privacy-prompt.mp3	en_NZ	Please enter your phone number, starting with the area code.
asterisk-core-sounds-en_NZ-wav-current/privacy-to-blacklist-last-caller.mp3	en_NZ	The last caller was...
asterisk-core-sounds-en_NZ-wav-current/privacy-unident.mp3	en_NZ	The party you are trying to reach does not accept unidentified calls.
asterisk-core-sounds-en_NZ-wav-current/queue-callswaiting.mp3	en_NZ	Waiting to speak with a representative
asterisk-core-sounds-en_NZ-wav-current/queue-holdtime.mp3	en_NZ	The estimated hold time is currently
asterisk-core-sounds-en_NZ-wav-current/queue-periodic-announce.mp3	en_NZ	All of our represenatives are currently busy. Please stay on the line and your call will be answered by the next available representative.
asterisk-core-sounds-en_NZ-wav-current/queue-quantity1.mp3	en_NZ	Currently, there are more than ...
asterisk-core-sounds-en_NZ-wav-current/queue-quantity2.mp3	en_NZ	... callers waiting to speak with a representative.
asterisk-core-sounds-en_NZ-wav-current/queue-thankyou.mp3	en_NZ	Thank you for your patience
asterisk-core-sounds-en_NZ-wav-current/queue-thereare.mp3	en_NZ	You are currently caller number
asterisk-core-sounds-en_NZ-wav-current/queue-youarenext.mp3	en_NZ	Your call is now first in line and will be answered by the next available representative.
asterisk-core-sounds-en_NZ-wav-current/screen-callee-options.mp3	en_NZ	You have these options: Dial 1 if you wish to immediately connect to the incoming call.  Dial 2 if you wish to send this caller to voicemail.  Dial 3 to send this caller to the torture menus.  Dial 4 to send this caller to a polite "don't call" menu.
asterisk-core-sounds-en_NZ-wav-current/10.mp3	en_NZ	(10 seconds of silence)
asterisk-core-sounds-en_NZ-wav-current/2.mp3	en_NZ	(2 seconds of silence)
asterisk-core-sounds-en_NZ-wav-current/3.mp3	en_NZ	(3 seconds of silence)
asterisk-core-sounds-en_NZ-wav-current/4.mp3	en_NZ	(4 seconds of silence)
asterisk-core-sounds-en_NZ-wav-current/5.mp3	en_NZ	(5 seconds of silence)
asterisk-core-sounds-en_NZ-wav-current/6.mp3	en_NZ	(6 seconds of silence)
asterisk-core-sounds-en_NZ-wav-current/7.mp3	en_NZ	(7 seconds of silence)
asterisk-core-sounds-en_NZ-wav-current/8.mp3	en_NZ	(8 seconds of silence)
asterisk-core-sounds-en_NZ-wav-current/9.mp3	en_NZ	(9 seconds of silence)
asterisk-core-sounds-en_NZ-wav-current/simul-call-limit-reached.mp3	en_NZ	Simultaneous call limit reached.
asterisk-core-sounds-en_NZ-wav-current/something-terribly-wrong.mp3	en_NZ	Something is terribly wrong!
asterisk-core-sounds-en_NZ-wav-current/sorry-youre-having-problems.mp3	en_NZ	Sorry you're having problems.
asterisk-core-sounds-en_NZ-wav-current/speed-dial-empty.mp3	en_NZ	The speed dial entry you've accessed is empty.
asterisk-core-sounds-en_NZ-wav-current/spy-dahdi.mp3	en_NZ	DAHDI
asterisk-core-sounds-en_NZ-wav-current/spy-h323.mp3	en_NZ	H.323
asterisk-core-sounds-en_NZ-wav-current/spy-mgcp.mp3	en_NZ	MGCP
asterisk-core-sounds-en_NZ-wav-current/spy-misdn.mp3	en_NZ	M I S D N
asterisk-core-sounds-en_NZ-wav-current/spy-mobile.mp3	en_NZ	Bluetooth Mobile
asterisk-core-sounds-en_NZ-wav-current/spy-usbradio.mp3	en_NZ	USB Radio
asterisk-core-sounds-en_NZ-wav-current/ss-noservice.mp3	en_NZ	The number you have dialed is not in service. Please check the number and try again.
asterisk-core-sounds-en_NZ-wav-current/transfer.mp3	en_NZ	Please hold while I try that extension.
asterisk-core-sounds-en_NZ-wav-current/tt-allbusy.mp3	en_NZ	All representatives of the household are currently assisting other telemarketers.  Please hold and your call will be answered in the order it was received.
asterisk-core-sounds-en_NZ-wav-current/tt-monkeys.mp3	en_NZ	[sound of monkeys screaming]
asterisk-core-sounds-en_NZ-wav-current/tt-monkeysintro.mp3	en_NZ	They have been carried away by monkeys
asterisk-core-sounds-en_NZ-wav-current/tt-somethingwrong.mp3	en_NZ	Something is terribly wrong
asterisk-core-sounds-en_NZ-wav-current/tt-weasels.mp3	en_NZ	Weasels have eaten our phone system
asterisk-core-sounds-en_NZ-wav-current/unidentified-no-callback.mp3	en_NZ	Un-indentified or witheld and therefore cannot be called back.
asterisk-core-sounds-en_NZ-wav-current/vm-advopts.mp3	en_NZ	press 3 for advanced options
asterisk-core-sounds-en_NZ-wav-current/vm-calldiffnum.mp3	en_NZ	press 2 to enter a different number
asterisk-core-sounds-en_NZ-wav-current/vm-changeto.mp3	en_NZ	Change to which folder?
asterisk-core-sounds-en_NZ-wav-current/vm-delete.mp3	en_NZ	Press 7 to delete this message.
asterisk-core-sounds-en_NZ-wav-current/vm-dialout.mp3	en_NZ	please wait while i connect your call
asterisk-core-sounds-en_NZ-wav-current/vm-duration.mp3	en_NZ	This message lasts ...
asterisk-core-sounds-en_NZ-wav-current/vm-enter-num-to-call.mp3	en_NZ	please enter the number you wish to call
asterisk-core-sounds-en_NZ-wav-current/vm-forward-multiple.mp3	en_NZ	press 1 to send this message, or 2 to add another recipient.
asterisk-core-sounds-en_NZ-wav-current/vm-forward.mp3	en_NZ	Press 1 to enter an extension, press 2 to use the directory
asterisk-core-sounds-en_NZ-wav-current/vm-forwardoptions.mp3	en_NZ	press 1 to prepend a message or 2 to forward the message without prepending
asterisk-core-sounds-en_NZ-wav-current/vm-from-extension.mp3	en_NZ	message from extension
asterisk-core-sounds-en_NZ-wav-current/vm-from-phonenumber.mp3	en_NZ	message from phone number
asterisk-core-sounds-en_NZ-wav-current/vm-helpexit.mp3	en_NZ	Press star for help or pound to exit.
asterisk-core-sounds-en_NZ-wav-current/vm-incorrect-mailbox.mp3	en_NZ	Login incorrect.  Mailbox?
asterisk-core-sounds-en_NZ-wav-current/vm-incorrect.mp3	en_NZ	Login incorrect.
asterisk-core-sounds-en_NZ-wav-current/vm-instructions.mp3	en_NZ	To look into your messages press 1 now.  You may quit voicemail at any time by pressing the pound key.
asterisk-core-sounds-en_NZ-wav-current/vm-intro.mp3	en_NZ	Please leave your message after the tone.  When done hang up or press the pound key. (simple tone sound plays)
asterisk-core-sounds-en_NZ-wav-current/vm-invalid-password.mp3	en_NZ	That password does not meet the minimum requirements for this mailbox.  Please try again.
asterisk-core-sounds-en_NZ-wav-current/vm-invalidpassword.mp3	en_NZ	That is not a valid password.  Please try again.
asterisk-core-sounds-en_NZ-wav-current/vm-leavemsg.mp3	en_NZ	Press 5 to leave a message
asterisk-core-sounds-en_NZ-wav-current/vm-login.mp3	en_NZ	Comedian Mail.  Mailbox?
asterisk-core-sounds-en_NZ-wav-current/vm-mailboxfull.mp3	en_NZ	sorry but the user's mail box can't accept more messages
asterisk-core-sounds-en_NZ-wav-current/vm-marked-nonurgent.mp3	en_NZ	Urgent status removed.
asterisk-core-sounds-en_NZ-wav-current/vm-marked-urgent.mp3	en_NZ	Message marked urgent.
asterisk-core-sounds-en_NZ-wav-current/vm-mismatch.mp3	en_NZ	The passwords you entered and re-entered did not match.  Please try again.
asterisk-core-sounds-en_NZ-wav-current/vm-msgforwarded.mp3	en_NZ	Your message has been successfully forwarded.
asterisk-core-sounds-en_NZ-wav-current/vm-msginstruct.mp3	en_NZ	To hear the next message press 6, to repeat this message press 5, to hear the previous message press 4, to delete or undelete this message press zero, to quit voicemail press pound.
asterisk-core-sounds-en_NZ-wav-current/vm-msgsaved.mp3	en_NZ	Your message has been saved.
asterisk-core-sounds-en_NZ-wav-current/vm-newpassword.mp3	en_NZ	Please enter your new password followed by the pound key.
asterisk-core-sounds-en_NZ-wav-current/vm-newuser.mp3	en_NZ	Welcome to Comedian Mail. First, I will guide you through a short setup process.
asterisk-core-sounds-en_NZ-wav-current/vm-next.mp3	en_NZ	Press 6 to play the next message.
asterisk-core-sounds-en_NZ-wav-current/vm-nobodyavail.mp3	en_NZ	Nobody is available to take your call at the moment
asterisk-core-sounds-en_NZ-wav-current/vm-nobox.mp3	en_NZ	you cannot reply to this message because the sender does not have a mailbox
asterisk-core-sounds-en_NZ-wav-current/vm-nomore.mp3	en_NZ	No more messages.
asterisk-core-sounds-en_NZ-wav-current/vm-nonumber.mp3	en_NZ	I'm afraid i don't know who sent this message
asterisk-core-sounds-en_NZ-wav-current/vm-num-i-have.mp3	en_NZ	the number i have is
asterisk-core-sounds-en_NZ-wav-current/vm-onefor-full.mp3	en_NZ	Press one to listen to ...
asterisk-core-sounds-en_NZ-wav-current/vm-onefor.mp3	en_NZ	Press 1 for
asterisk-core-sounds-en_NZ-wav-current/vm-options.mp3	en_NZ	Press 1 to record your unavailable message, press 2 to record your busy message, press 3 to record your name, press 4 to record your temporary greeting, press 5 to change your password, press star to return to the main menu.
asterisk-core-sounds-en_NZ-wav-current/vm-opts-full.mp3	en_NZ	press 2 to access messages saved in other folders.  Press 3 to record a message for another mailbox.  Press 0 for greetings and password management.
asterisk-core-sounds-en_NZ-wav-current/vm-opts.mp3	en_NZ	Press 2 to change folders, press 3 for advanced options, press zero for mailbox options.
asterisk-core-sounds-en_NZ-wav-current/vm-passchanged.mp3	en_NZ	Your passwords have been changed.
asterisk-core-sounds-en_NZ-wav-current/vm-prev.mp3	en_NZ	Press 4 for the previous message
asterisk-core-sounds-en_NZ-wav-current/vm-reachoper.mp3	en_NZ	press 0 to reach an operator
asterisk-core-sounds-en_NZ-wav-current/vm-rec-busy.mp3	en_NZ	After the tone say your busy message and then press the pound key.
asterisk-core-sounds-en_NZ-wav-current/vm-rec-name.mp3	en_NZ	After the tone say your name and then press the pound key.
asterisk-core-sounds-en_NZ-wav-current/vm-rec-temp.mp3	en_NZ	After the tone, say your temporary message, and then press the pound key.
asterisk-core-sounds-en_NZ-wav-current/vm-rec-unv.mp3	en_NZ	After the tone say your unavailable message and then press the pound key.
asterisk-core-sounds-en_NZ-wav-current/vm-record-prepend.mp3	en_NZ	At the tone, please record an introduction to the forwarded message.  When done, press the pound sign.
asterisk-core-sounds-en_NZ-wav-current/vm-reenterpassword.mp3	en_NZ	Please re-enter your password followed by the pound key.
asterisk-core-sounds-en_NZ-wav-current/vm-repeat.mp3	en_NZ	Press 5 to repeat the current message.
asterisk-core-sounds-en_NZ-wav-current/vm-review-nonurgent.mp3	en_NZ	Press 4 to remove the urgent status of this message.
asterisk-core-sounds-en_NZ-wav-current/vm-review-urgent.mp3	en_NZ	Press 4 to mark this message as urgent.
asterisk-core-sounds-en_NZ-wav-current/vm-review.mp3	en_NZ	press 1 to accept this recording press 2 to listen to it press 3 to rerecord your message
asterisk-core-sounds-en_NZ-wav-current/vm-savedto.mp3	en_NZ	saved to
asterisk-core-sounds-en_NZ-wav-current/vm-savefolder.mp3	en_NZ	Which folder should I save the message to?
asterisk-core-sounds-en_NZ-wav-current/vm-savemessage.mp3	en_NZ	or 9 to save this message
asterisk-core-sounds-en_NZ-wav-current/vm-saveoper.mp3	en_NZ	press 1 to accept this recording, otherwise, please continue to hold
asterisk-core-sounds-en_NZ-wav-current/vm-sorry.mp3	en_NZ	I'm sorry I did not understand your response.
asterisk-core-sounds-en_NZ-wav-current/vm-star-cancel.mp3	en_NZ	press star to cancel
asterisk-core-sounds-en_NZ-wav-current/vm-starmain.mp3	en_NZ	press star to return to the main menu
asterisk-core-sounds-en_NZ-wav-current/vm-tempgreetactive.mp3	en_NZ	Your temporary greeting is currently active
asterisk-core-sounds-en_NZ-wav-current/vm-tempgreeting2.mp3	en_NZ	press 1 to record your temporary greeting, or press 2 to erase your temporary greeting
asterisk-core-sounds-en_NZ-wav-current/vm-tempgreeting.mp3	en_NZ	press 1 to record your temporary greeting
asterisk-core-sounds-en_NZ-wav-current/vm-tempremoved.mp3	en_NZ	Your temporary greeting has been removed
asterisk-core-sounds-en_NZ-wav-current/vm-theperson.mp3	en_NZ	The person at extension
asterisk-core-sounds-en_NZ-wav-current/vm-tmpexists.mp3	en_NZ	There is a temporary greeting, which overrides your standard greetings.
asterisk-core-sounds-en_NZ-wav-current/vm-tocallback.mp3	en_NZ	press 2 to call the person who sent this message
asterisk-core-sounds-en_NZ-wav-current/vm-tocallnum.mp3	en_NZ	press 1 to call this number
asterisk-core-sounds-en_NZ-wav-current/vm-tocancel.mp3	en_NZ	or pound to cancel.
asterisk-core-sounds-en_NZ-wav-current/vm-tocancelmsg.mp3	en_NZ	press star to cancel this message
asterisk-core-sounds-en_NZ-wav-current/vm-toenternumber.mp3	en_NZ	press 1 to enter a number
asterisk-core-sounds-en_NZ-wav-current/vm-toforward.mp3	en_NZ	Press 8 to forward the message to another user
asterisk-core-sounds-en_NZ-wav-current/vm-tohearenv.mp3	en_NZ	press 3 to hear the message envelope
asterisk-core-sounds-en_NZ-wav-current/vm-tomakecall.mp3	en_NZ	press 4 to place an outgoing call
asterisk-core-sounds-en_NZ-wav-current/vm-tooshort.mp3	en_NZ	your message is too short
asterisk-core-sounds-en_NZ-wav-current/vm-toreply.mp3	en_NZ	press 1 to send a reply
asterisk-core-sounds-en_NZ-wav-current/vm-torerecord.mp3	en_NZ	press 3 to rerecord your message
asterisk-core-sounds-en_NZ-wav-current/vm-undelete.mp3	en_NZ	Press 7 to undelete this message
asterisk-core-sounds-en_NZ-wav-current/vm-undeleted.mp3	en_NZ	Message undeleted.
asterisk-core-sounds-en_NZ-wav-current/vm-unknown-caller.mp3	en_NZ	from an unknown caller
asterisk-core-sounds-en_NZ-wav-current/vm-whichbox.mp3	en_NZ	To leave a message, please enter a mailbox number.
